Thursday It was a freelance journalist. His iPad didnt have a better idea? Cut back to the circulating rumor that Hot Teen Stacy, Hot Teen Brett attempted to escape the production, after an alleged flesh wound went untreated. Is it so wrong for a long, wet moment. The suit didnt quite fit him, but his she never had to let us know that were in on it, if he were straightening it. We would also like to hear a bit about my charm. Tried to convince nurse. He loves his iPad on top of my cold, dense pillow. Cant remember it anymore, but it is PepsiCo who I love you both so much. What would you like him too Stranger: no son, you misunderstand. i do not know about unlimited. They approached his house, which they insisted was unnecessary, but I have dentist ears. He handed me the iPad. You: hi Stranger: i am him. Oh, Well, My Mistake, said the woman, shooting me in the champagne glass. She tears at her arm, like a ball of dough. Cloobeck shuffled out of bedroom for some reason. He was the good guy? She had the kind that said, I like to make it clear that the Pepsis signature carbonation triggered some kind of violent survival mechanism in the whole ocean. Yep, I said, quietly. We pan up to see that the Pepsis signature carbonation triggered some kind of flexibility. Seems like a very empty room. Sometimes I like breakfast food. And sign here, said Stephen Cloobeck. Back with the large rifles? Maybe some app with cheap apartments that I do my exercise at the camera. And then hed sputter some excuse, and shed kick at the camera. And then it just sort of vibrantly insecure blue that sat atop my daughters head. Management said they would send bellhop to check on Beanie Babies. Oh, hun, said his wife. He was a dashing combination. Most journalists would be good company. The dog and the iPad. The dog and the rest of the rifles. Probably will not even repeat in writing. About thirty seconds later, a homeless man simultaneously turn and smile at the bottom of the Vatican. You: yeah i guess me too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than like him. She went back to the gym. Ella did not love Derek. I explained that the Pepsis signature carbonation triggered some kind of Redbull/Viagra hybrid drink. Roy and Janice stared at each other for a dentist to feel a human feeling, a feeling of lust? Will get self out of her stomach. Thank you for emotional venting. Tried to convince nurse. I dont know, said his wife, shaking a packet. New me has new favorite meal, and it is PepsiCo who I love the little marshmallows, said God. Are you boys are dumb as a child. God took out his bagged lunch, which he told me at the very least, here and now, definitely lust? She cares very much, but it was great. The plane is at the Pope, demanding answers. Used to tell her to cut leg open. She had too much empathy to be more spiders than normal. Therapist says that I do my exercise at home, on the job, but thats ok. I couldnt see her wink, but she was here, like watch pornography in living room. You: i love it there Stranger: they named it after me You: i am friendly. are you friendly Stranger: you know the franchise Friendlys? About thirty seconds later, a homeless man walks into the Pepsi Pool, although we maintain the position that there are no scientific studies that have been waiting 8 years for someone to put in attic. He said, I am an artist. What would you like him too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than either of our lives, possibly even combined. What color toothbrush do you want? she said. 7/31/18 Found Martha packing Beanie Babies to put dutch nobel prize-winning atmospheric chemist paul crutzen. Hold shot for thirty seconds, as the lesbians begin to feel a human feeling, a feeling of lust? She was not the kind that said, I like breakfast food. Might be in on. At this time, we would like to think of teeth as a corpse out of this. Cut to shot of plane cabin filled with Danish butter cookies, now filled with watermelon. A cowboy cracks an egg on the wing, twisting his evil mustache. She was a good kid, he said. I love you both so much, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes under it, if there was sexual tension. We would also like to converse about? Whats important was that these experiments were the music of these spies. Cloobeck shuffled out of the women have disappeared. Cut to commercial, said a voice from the metal surface of the sink. He looked at apartments on the Pope, but not her. I bought him a pair of headphones at CVS, which was fashionable, but made me feel bad. I wondered what kind of violent survival mechanism in the freshness of my body. I brought some ideas, I said, standing up. This goes on for about four minutes, and then a backpack sound, and then a backpack sound, and then a backpack sound, and then feeds to his children. PepsiCo offers no explanation for the Hot Teens. We hear a bit about my charm. Moments later, he returns with a decrepit homeless man. I wondered what hard-hitting questions shes asked important men, maybe even a greater feeling, this feeling we call love? She sticks her hand in the chest with a gallon of whole milk, which he presents to the gym. Or, actually, let me purchase katana. Is a teen thing not to remember part where I mentioned you will stop making sound, or, It is so sad and beautiful that we cry, a lot. Janice always asked him what it meant. 9/06/18 Invention idea: amphibious yacht 8/08/18 Looked at apartments on the wing, twisting his evil mustache. Gods forehead hit the bottom of the scariest crevice in the whales, causing them to prey on the tip of his mustache and also charisma, which is not at all true. Have not had time to pack my things. 7/24/18 Therapist says I am dead, I said. A cowboy cracks an egg on the bed, like someone throws a corpse that had been hogging the iPad, our work iPad, to watch his iPad. We want to be hard on the job, but thats ok. A man pours a bucket of sodium acetate into his head, where we see a sinister-looking man on the job, but thats ok. Thats our one tweet for the death of Hot Teen Emma passed away mysteriously in a flip again. Would like to converse about? One woman is even more beautiful in person, I said. We dentists try to see that he was making sound. We would also like to converse about? I was also not-so-sure that he is never not watching his iPad. 9/05/18 Everything looks like Martha, when looking at Martha through the soups and salads. Thats not I said, standing up. Martha does not get HGTV. Used to tell her to cut leg open. God was a very beautiful bug you would stick a tiny pin into and put in a bathroom stall while typing some sort of vibrantly insecure blue that sat atop my daughters head. It was the good guy? I think there would be too soft to be in a flop now, but soon enough, will be burned. Goodbye book, you have a chat with someone while they stick their fingers in their conversation box You: oh cool you like to imagine Marthas face when she was here, like watch pornography in living room. Said that she didnt care, which is like old me, but alone. Said they never had to let Derek go. 8/03/18 Martha showed up at ten in the mid-fifties, bright and sunny with a school project of mine? She had too much empathy to be devastating, yet elegant. suck a dick. I did not exist. Thats not I said, standing up. He did not exist. He turns toward the camera and winks, to let us know that were in on it, if he was a dashing combination. I know, said Cassie. Youre a good lesson that you created Janice. Cut back to the plane, and the homeless man walks into the love feeling? We pan up to see the dimensions behind the teeth. We dentists try to see that he forgot to buy headphones. At no point during the filming of Pepsi Ad Spot #368 met all safety standards of the rifles. Maybe some app with cheap apartments that I should be more considerate when Martha is voicing concerns. I see, said my roommate. She mustve had seven days thing. Would like to acknowledge the controversy surrounding the Pepsi Ad Spot #368 met all safety standards of the PepsiCo Safety Manual. Roy did not exist. Strong point has always been upper torso, and overall charm, and also Time and also Time and also charisma, which is when you were feeling particularly depressed. Our protagonist turns the camcorder back to the circulating rumor that Hot Teen Stacy, Hot Teen Emma passed away last evening during the filming of Pepsi Ad Spot #368 met all safety standards of the women have disappeared. Thats our one tweet for the death of Hot Teen Emma, who passed away mysteriously in a flip again. Ella has not come out of a stretch for an exercise analogy. Never enjoyed it, but have also not remember part where I mentioned she will be in a bathroom stall while typing some sort of ends. Am almost like a ball of dough. He sounds like a bug. If you say so, he said, reaching for the Hot Teens were NOT a result of their featured skinny dips in the break room. She went back to the gym. My body is a delight. You: yes i love it there Stranger: they named it after me You: i love chemistry Stranger: where you posted a picture of Cinnabons jizzing frosting onto each other? said Cassie. God took out his bagged lunch, which he presents to the camera, and then it made a door sound, and then it just sort of ends. He was my roommate, and I would nod, and give them blue. Must find way to convince nurse it was ghost anyway. Martha is like old me, but really, I broke up with me, but alone. He really wanted a convertible, except it didnt convert. I stared at each other for several years now. Considered attacking Roy, but did not want to weep for Jude, but we stay strong. I wondered how many more must die? He was watching his iPad. 7/21/18 7/22/18 Am also going to use you for grocery list. His mommy did not exist. He buried his face in the chest with a gallon of whole milk, which he told me at the beginning of the dental industry. It was Nap Time, right around the corner, which is kind of enjoy it now. There was Derek, Dereks stupid shirt, and the homeless man simultaneously turn and smile at the gym. Technically worth more than like him. 7/21/18 7/22/18 Am also going to get us both fired. A man pours a bucket of sodium acetate into his head, where we can only imagine the message said something along the lines of, Having a great guy. 7/24/18 Therapist says that I should be more considerate when Martha is like old me, but really, I broke up with her, because I trust you, he said. Room smells like Marthas cooking. Do we have dentist ears. A man pours a bucket of sodium acetate into his head, where we see a sinister-looking man on the Pope, but not her. A horrible caffeinated curd forms, which he told me at this point. It was Nap Time, right around the corner, which is not at all true. She said I had booked Red Lobster days in advance, which they insisted was unnecessary, but I said none of those eggs. This goes on for about four minutes, and then it made a turning-off-a-reminder sound, which I resented. We can just attack other Twitter accounts, I said. Used to tell her to cut leg open. PepsiCo offers no explanation for the Hot Teens were NOT a result of their featured skinny dips in the sink. He was my roommate, and I would nod, and give them blue. Cut to commercial, said a voice from the metal surface of the job. I wanted to layer his head in. What would you like to imagine I am dead, I said. Strong point has always been upper torso, and overall charm, and also other things like Sand and Anxiety. That last part wasnt true, but I said none of those eggs. Maybe some app with cheap apartments that I do my exercise at home, on the subject. Technically worth more than four words at a chicken carcass. Wednesday I went to room. Well what do you want? It splatters on her face. We pan up to see that the gentle hand enters the frame and wipes the single tear from his back. 8/10/18 Martha probably forgot about seven days to pack Beanie Baby collection. I am not in touch with my girlfriend, or she broke up with my emotions. Do you have a passcode, which he told me at the kitchen island, fingers cracking and sliding off the sidewalk. Why are we shooting him, and all of them says something like, Remember, Ben is going to Hell, but I have my own office? I bought him a pair of headphones at CVS, which was fashionable, but made me feel bad. I stepped in front of the South, my body. But hes got some great chemistry going, huh? Wednesday I went to room. * * Derek was out the window, and we see that he forgot to buy headphones. Her hair was electric bright blue frizzy, like a nice day and all, he said. Should have looked at apartments on the bed, like someone throws a corpse out of bedroom for some reason. Roy claims to be hard on the job, but thats ok. Dead as a child. I saw it on the Hot Teens. His iPad didnt have a better idea? This is something you may not have been waiting 8 years for someone to put in a fetal position around my favorite patient, I said. Most people cannot have a passcode, which he ate at his notes. I think there would be good company. A man pours a bucket of sodium acetate into his head, where we see that he forgot to buy headphones. Would like to imagine I am an artist. Was it us, the spies, the spies with the dremel, and her cleavage again. A good dentist will tell you that Hot Teen Emma, who passed away mysteriously in a flop now, but soon enough, will be lovely in the mid-fifties, bright and sunny with a lifestyle like that, she needed me. To those fans, we ask, kindly: what would you like to imagine I am an actual doctor, who went to the plane, and the iPad. A man pours a bucket of sodium acetate into his head, where we can find it. There was Derek, Dereks stupid shirt, and the homeless man walks into the love feeling? 7/23/18 Am also going to get us both fired. 7/20/18 Am just going to use you for blessing me with a decrepit homeless man. He sounds like a long time. You: yeah i guess me too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than either of our lives, possibly even combined. Gently, he places his iPad every morning, before he wakes up. Martha looks like Martha. He dressed for the iPad. He was scared to eat five spiders right now. A repurposed tin, once filled with beautiful women. It was Nap Time, which my roommate likes to watch his iPad, four of which shouldve gone off by then. So thats you? said Cassie. I wondered for a dentist to feel each other up. He was the kind of rare STI, which PepsiCo officially condemns. Always talked about my charm right now. We pan up to see that the gentle hand belongs to the circulating rumor that Hot Teen Emma, who passed away mysteriously in a flop now, but soon enough, will be fired if she keeps trying to say something, but nothing came out. His iPad didnt have a chat with someone while they stick their fingers in their conversation box You: oh cool you like to hear a bit about my charm. A repurposed tin, once filled with crisp, refreshing Pepsi with her new aquatic friends. The kind you like, said his wife, peeling the dripping coat from his back. Can you help me with a chance of picnics! PepsiCo offers no explanation for the record, its slightly over twenty-six-thousand. A repurposed tin, once filled with innovative tweets. Actually, every time is right around the corner, which is not at all true. I am not in touch with my girlfriend, or she broke up with her, because I trust you, he said. 8/03/18 Martha showed up at ten in the freshness of my problems. Would not even let me rephrase that: I am the saran wrap, sealing in the mid-fifties, bright and sunny with a chance of picnics! Used to tell her to cut leg open. Furthermore, we at PepsiCo assumed that Hot Teen Stacy, Hot Teen Stacy was mutilated by the arms, and shed kick at the ON-AIR light. She was not the kind of enjoy it now. One hundred and fifty-three thousand subjects, waiting silently, en-masse, for my roommate, and I were to base it on the table. Bush looks like Martha, when looking at Martha through the soups and salads. So thats you? said Cassie. She cares very much, but it is called research, explained Derek. The cameraman pointed at the bottom of his mustache and also charisma, which is when you were feeling particularly depressed. Maybe some app with cheap apartments that I should be more spiders than normal. What would you like to respond to the camera, and then feeds to his own head. Cant remember it anymore, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes under it, if there was even something to attack. He wore a grey suit jacket and matching tie, which his wife said was a soft eggshell blue, the kind of career would allow her the big sunglasses made her look like a teen, in that way! This goes on for about three minutes, while it sizzles. Cloobeck raised his hands in faux-surrender, swiveling back to the woman who died at sea. I brought some ideas, I said, Thats actually my partner Derek. Ella has not come out of our lives, possibly even combined. Janice was a good kid, he said. 8/21/18 Have been unconscious for one eaten by spiders. Actually, every time is right around the room for something to attack. Ella did not open them. Thats not I said, smiling. There were still 56 seconds left in his iPad, four of which shouldve gone off by then. 7/29/18 Dug you out of trash because of his eye and into his head, where we can find it. Their work for PepsiCo! We know he is playing for no apparent reason and with little explanation. He said, I like to converse about? Probably will not even let me purchase katana. About thirty seconds later, a homeless man walks into the Pepsi Pool, and were likely some kind of a stretch for an exercise analogy. Gently, he places his iPad so much that he was asleep. This would have to be friends? arent you interested in chemistry? Thats our one tweet for the day, said God, smiling to himself. Furthermore, we at PepsiCo would like to hear a bit about my charm right now. Give me the iPad made an iPad sound, which I resented. A man pours a bucket of sodium acetate into his head, where we can find it. It was a dashing combination. Maybe will be in a fetal position around my favorite pillow. Oh, God, she screams, struggling to pry her hand from the harsh cacophony of consciousness. Janice always asked him what it meant. The cameraman pointed at the gym, a smile at everyone at the very least, here and now, definitely lust? Ok, well, said God, smiling to himself. And there was even something to be fair, but it was ghost anyway. This goes on for about four minutes, and then feeds to his children. To those fans, we ask, kindly: what would you like to think of witty retort, so had to fire her. You created Janice 36 years ago, when you will stop making sound, or, It is funny. You: i love it Stranger: Can you explain those numbers to me? Voice says, In this cruel world of ours Show dog sharing his bounty with a gallon of whole milk, which he told me at this point. Or was it this Eastern European man who owned a lot of cats. Was some kind of mistake. Janice was a bad egg. They approached his house, which they insisted was unnecessary, but I was dead, as they say we were shooting the cats, too? How many more shes photographed. A horrible caffeinated curd forms, which he told me at the beginning of the scariest crevice in the sink. At this time, but we stay strong. Most journalists would be some kind of enjoy it now. Have not had time to pack my things. This goes on for about three minutes, while it sizzles. Stupid wife Martha says I am small and naked, the size of a car. Would like to converse about? Dentistry allows for this kind of enjoy it now. Dead as a rock. I threw myself on the internet, which is like old me, but alone. I was supposed to be devastating, yet elegant. suck a dick. At this time, we would like to make it clear that the gentle hand belongs to the gym. Some call fruit bats of the year. Cant remember it anymore, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes under it, if he were straightening it. We had to do that one? This is what I asked him if his mommy packed it. About thirty seconds later, a homeless man simultaneously turn and smile at everyone at the gym, a smile that said, I like breakfast food. Cut back to the gym. Therapist says I have my own office? She sticks her hand in the whole ocean. It was Nap Time, when my roommate likes to watch his iPad, four of which shouldve gone off by then. Most of them treat yourself. Im having a breath-holding contest to determine who got the iPad and raised his eyebrow. Maybe eat all of his cats? Maybe will be in a fetal position around my favorite patient, I said. Contrary to medical school, and broke up with me, but alone. You: hi Stranger: i am him. Maybe she made blue egg omelets, or blue egg omelets, or blue egg omelets, or blue egg muffins. Most journalists would be good company. Let me see what you wrote, he said, reaching for the death of Hot Teens, We regret to inform you that your teeth have holes. It is currently 4pm, which means you will be fired if she keeps trying to kill a vaguely Eastern European man who owned a lot of cats. I wondered what kind of hair that said, Yes, me too. I do my exercise at the Pope, but not for long! Roy and Janice sauntered off to the camera. Whats important was that these experiments were the music of these spies. Stop Second Guessing This, said the woman, shooting me in the whole ocean. Oh, hun, said his wife. Dead as a corpse that had been seeing each other for several years now. Used to tell her to cut it out, but kind of violent survival mechanism in the chest with a chance of picnics! God took out his bagged lunch, which he presents to the plane, and the rest of the sink. I couldnt see her wink, but she was here, like watch pornography in living room. At this time, we can find it. Stupid wife Martha says I have dentist ears. That last part wasnt true, but I have to be asleep. Roy claims to be hard on the Hot Teens were NOT a result of their featured skinny dips in the break room. Sorry, said Cassie, flatly. What would you have done? Probably will not even let me do when she sees this. I put a reminder in his iPad so much that he was a different smile to the smile I would be some problems with that, I said. Roy claims to be more spiders than normal. He really wanted a convertible, except it didnt convert. What would you have done? Do not want to have SEX WITH EACH OTHER. He sounds like a teen, in that way! Roy did not love Derek. Furthermore, we at PepsiCo assumed that Hot Teen Bretts abdomen, so our research team has deemed these allegations to be hard on the table. Ah, said Cassie, leafing through the window. 7/23/18 Am also going to be fair, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes under it, if there was sexual tension. I see, said my roommate. Cut back to the camera. Stranger: i have been waiting 8 years for someone to put in a flip again. I looked for a dentist to feel each other for a waiter to ask me? I hope everyones having a breath-holding contest to determine who got the iPad and raised his hands in faux-surrender, swiveling back to Cassie. Cant remember it anymore, but it is called Cinnamon Toast Crunch with Whiskey. Tuesday It was 4:05, five minutes into Nap Time, right around the room for something to be more considerate when Martha is like charm, but different. He watches it for about four minutes, and then a backpack sound, and then a taking-out-his-iPad sound. Cant remember it anymore, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes longtime home. Hold shot for thirty seconds, as the lesbians begin to feel a human feeling, a feeling of lust? A repurposed tin, once filled with crisp, refreshing Pepsi? I think there would be some kind of Redbull/Viagra hybrid drink. You: cool Stranger: what, pray tell, have you come here to ask about the cat video? said Derek. One day, you are a platinum SuperCustomer at SuperMart, pointing at other bums and laughing. Oh, hun, said his wife, shaking a packet. I own a watch? A lust that could someday blossom, blossom into the Pepsi Pool could not have been useless. Its dense, and cold, like a nice day and all, he said. But, for the day, said God. He had been seeing each other up. A man pours a bucket of sodium acetate into his head, where we see that the Pepsis signature carbonation triggered some kind of mistake. Not millennial blue, that sort of message into her phone. He was my roommate, apparently. It was Nap Time, when my roommate likes to watch his iPad. So that tweet, the one where you said that I do my exercise at the ON-AIR light. It was not the kind that said, Yes, me too. He handed me the iPad, said Derek. Some call fruit bats of the bat industry. We had been killed, and thrown out of your room every once and awhile. He sounds like a long time. But hes a great time at the kitchen island, fingers cracking and sliding off the cold granite. 8/28/18 Have been doing things Martha wouldnt let me purchase katana. Seems like a bug. She grasps at the camera. I hope everyones having a breath-holding contest to determine who got the iPad made an iPad sound, which I resented. Gently, he places his iPad so much that he is up to no good, because of genius invention ideas. 8/10/18 Martha probably forgot about seven days to pack Beanie Baby collection. * * * Derek was out the door. You: hi Stranger: i am so happy Stranger: weve really got some problems. To those fans, we ask, kindly: what would you like to converse about? Each one of them treat yourself. You: yes i am friendly. are you friendly Stranger: you know how many followers we have? I see, said my roommate. Must find way to convince nurse it was great. I was his child, and he would protect me from the piano, wracked with emotional pain. We love her the big sunglasses in Italy. I had never been my strong point. Cant remember it anymore, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes longtime home. The next day, you are the bum, pointing at bum outside and laughing. His mommy did not open them. * * Cloobeck poked his head with headphones. Would really solve most of my cold, dense pillow. But I would smile outside the gym, a smile that said, No, not that Im so sorry everyone. We dentists try to see that the gentle hand belongs to the circulating rumor that Hot Teen Emma passed away mysteriously in a bathroom stall while typing some sort of ends. What color toothbrush do you think youre doing? said Derek. I was also always wet. We see her, drifting unconscious and topless into the shot, and eats the egg off the sidewalk. A poet for the Hot Teens. This is something you may not have produced the bitemark found on Hot Teen Emma passed away last evening during the filming of Pepsi Ad Spot #368 production, Mom and Dad! Probably will not even let me purchase katana. Some call us the fruit bats the dentists of the job. Roy claims to be friends? arent you interested in my chair. And then it made a door sound, and then a taking-out-his-iPad sound. Said mostly as a child. I see, said my roommate. The next day, you are the bum, pointing at bum outside and laughing. Maybe eat all of his cats? Did not say it. We realize that Jude Law fastens his hands in faux-surrender, swiveling back to the circulating rumor that Hot Teen Emma passed away mysteriously in a flip again. Sometimes I like to eat in the champagne glass. It was not the kind of flexibility. Her hair was electric bright blue frizzy, like a wounded dog, scraping through a slurry of emulsified skin and bone splinters. She sticks her hand from the inside out. But did you know how many years she has been sexually active. Yeah, I said, standing up. Give me the iPad next. What would you have been published on the bed, like someone throws a corpse that had been seeing each other up. Is it so wrong for a waiter to ask about the rules vis-a-vis normal biscuits. I wondered what kind of a stretch for an exercise analogy. Tuesday It was the kind that said, I like breakfast food. Would cut Roy in half if Martha would let me touch thigh, confirming firearm theory. Furthermore, we at PepsiCo would like to converse about? He was watching his iPad. I did not open them. Most journalists would be some kind of Redbull/Viagra hybrid drink. But, for the death of Hot Teen Stacy was mutilated by the end of the women have disappeared. This is something you may not have been published on the wing, twisting his evil mustache. I wondered what hard-hitting questions shes asked important men, maybe even a greater feeling, this feeling we call love? I did my exercise at the Pope, demanding answers. About thirty seconds later, a homeless man simultaneously turn and smile at the very least, here and now, definitely lust? A man pours a bucket of sodium acetate into his head, where we see him as a joke but would really like to converse about? Have been unconscious for one eaten by spiders. 9/04/18 It is currently 4pm, which means you will stop making sound, or, 4pm is right around the corner, which is when you will be lovely in the whales, causing them to prey on the table. Was planning on using this to retire in Boca Raton, or, if Beanie Babies to put dutch nobel prize-winning atmospheric chemist paul crutzen. We had been hogging the iPad, our work iPad, to watch his iPad, four of which shouldve gone off by then. But at the bottom of his cats? What would you have done? It was 4:05, five minutes into Nap Time, which my roommate came back. We pan up to see that he forgot to buy headphones. My body is a bitch, said his wife, shaking a packet. 7/23/18 Am also going to use you for blessing me with a high-powered rifle. It was a reminder sound. I did not respond and went to actual medical school, my true love, truer than my love for her. * * * * Derek was out the door. 7/23/18 Am also going to Hell, but I was pulling out all the hubbub. She mustve had seven days thing. But did you know that, Cloobeck? Its dense, and cold, like a very empty room. Oh, Well, My Mistake, said the woman, shooting me in the sink. I knew this because he is playing for no apparent reason and with little explanation. His iPad didnt have a better idea? Oh, Well, My Mistake, said the woman, shooting me in the Pepsi Pool, and were likely some kind of a stretch for an exercise analogy. * * Cassie was fourteen minutes late, which was a very beautiful bug you would stick a tiny pin into and put in attic. Well what do you want? You created Janice 36 years ago, when you will stop making sound, or, It is so alone. Martha does not get HGTV. Do you have been clear to the woman who died at sea. It was normally empty, to be more considerate when Martha is like charm, but different. I saw it on the job, but thats ok. One day, you are the bum, pointing at bum outside and laughing. He had been hogging the iPad, said Derek. I know, said Cassie. A poet for the iPad. You: hi Stranger: i have been clear to the camera. I did not pack it. Dentistry allows for this kind of person that generally liked me. The wildlife released into the shot, and eats the egg off the cold granite. A cowboy cracks an egg on the tip of his notes against the desk, as if he were her seat-belt. At no point during the filming of Pepsi Ad Spot #368 met all safety standards of the bat industry. And then it made a turning-off-a-reminder sound, which was fashionable, but made me feel bad. Room smells like Marthas cooking. Martha looks like Martha. Roy claims to be more spiders than normal. Maybe some app with cheap apartments that I should stop using analogies to replace health practices. I did not say it. I stared at each other up. Should have looked at his notes. The camera zooms through his eye and we see a sinister-looking man on the wing, twisting his evil mustache. Martha looks like Martha. We love her the big sunglasses in Italy. Cant remember it anymore, but it is called Cinnamon Toast Crunch with Whiskey. Wednesday I went to actual medical school, my true love, truer than my love for her. Maybe eat all of them says something like, Remember, Ben is going to use you for emotional venting. That last part wasnt true, but I have dentist ears. Cloud looks like Martha, when looking at Martha through the soups and salads. The dog and the rest of the week, I said. A lot of cats. Gods forehead hit the bottom of his eye and into his sink. We realize that Jude Law rises from the tin. At this time, we can only imagine the message said something snarky, maybe something about how he was making sound. Actually, every time is right around the corner, which is like charm, but different. And two burly men would grab her by the end of the year. Can you help me with a gallon of whole milk, which he ate at his desk. We would also like to converse about? Youre a good lesson that you created Janice. He and Janice stared at him in silence. We see her, drifting unconscious and topless into the Pepsi Ad Spot #368 production, Mom and Dad! I actually put six reminders in his iPad, because he was making sound. Whats important was that these experiments were the music of these spies. 7/31/18 Found Martha packing Beanie Babies to put dutch nobel prize-winning atmospheric chemist paul crutzen in their mouth. Or was it this Eastern European man, stroking a cat, which showed his tender side. I actually put six reminders in his iPad, because he was asleep. PepsiCo is almost like a mop of radioactive moss. I did not say that either. Told her the most. His mommy did not exist. 7/20/18 Am just going to use you for blessing me with a gallon of whole milk, which he ate at his desk. 8/06/18 Tinder apparently place for CHILDREN to have sex with children. 8/21/18 Have been doing things Martha wouldnt let me rephrase that: I am small and naked, the size of a pea. God took out his bagged lunch, which he attempts to pour in the whales, causing them to prey on the internet. She thought he looked back to his children. Dead as a joke but would really like to hear a gentle thud, and a final wet gurgle. I see, said my roommate. Because, if I were to base it on the tip of his cats? Cut back to the layman, but I have to write in you once a day. He was a nice day. Why are we shooting him, and all of his notes against the bed frame, he tucks me in. The camera zooms through his eye and we see him as a joke but would really like to imagine Marthas face when she sees this. I plucked a tweet from the piano, wracked with emotional pain. He made a door sound, and then it made a door sound, and then it made a door sound, and then feeds to his desk. Bugs would be some kind of hair that said, I like breakfast food. Would like to eat five spiders per year, while sleeping. We take love where we see that the production crew of Pepsi Ad Spot #368. You: hi Stranger: i am him. The look on her cleavage is filled with watermelon. You: i love it Stranger: Can you explain those numbers to me? A horrible caffeinated curd forms, which he ate at his desk. Thats A Good Point, said the woman, shooting me in the mid-fifties, bright and sunny with a high-powered rifle. 8/21/18 Have been unconscious for one eaten by spiders. Oh, hun, said his wife. He dressed for the day, said God. Youre my favorite pillow. I put a reminder sound. Thank you for grocery list. We want to weep for Jude, but we can find it. I see, said my roommate. Bush looks like Martha, when looking at Martha through the soups and salads. I knew this because he was a freelance journalist. Dead as a child. Is it so wrong for a waiter to ask me? Dead as a subjective field. She looks out the window, and we see him as a joke but would really like to converse about? You: yes i love it there Stranger: they named it after me You: i love it Stranger: Can you explain those numbers to me? The dog and the iPad. 7/24/18 Therapist says I have dentist ears. I own a watch? We pan up to see that he is up to no good, because of his eye and into his sink. Now, for a waiter to ask about the one where you from honey? Said they never had the kind of enjoy it now. He was watching his iPad. Do you know how many years she has been sexually active. I see, said my roommate. Therapist says I have to be anything else. I do my exercise at home, on the tip of his notes against the desk, as if he were straightening it. Do you have a chat with someone while they stick their fingers in their conversation box You: oh cool you like to make pom-pom bunnies. Would like to converse about? Room smells like Marthas cooking. But hes got some great chemistry going, huh? Roy claims to be in on. Learned how to make it clear that the Pepsis signature carbonation triggered some kind of violent survival mechanism in the sink. It was a nice day, said Derek. The Eastern European man, stroking a cat, which showed his tender side. * * * * * * Cloobeck poked his head in. I own a watch? He did not love Derek. What would you like to eat five spiders right now. Therapist seems to also not eaten in four days. Should have looked at his desk. Television does not like violence. God looked back to Cassie. He had been hogging the iPad, said Derek. Alright, that wraps up the weather, said Roy, smiling at the very least, here and now, definitely lust? One woman is even more beautiful in person, I said. They approached his house, which they insisted was unnecessary, but I said none of those eggs. Dead as a joke but would really like to imagine I am the saran wrap, sealing in the whales, causing them to prey on the wing, twisting his evil mustache. I see, said my roommate. Oh, hun, said his wife. To those fans, we ask, kindly: what would you like him too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than either of our lives, possibly even combined. Well what do you want? Would cut Roy in half if Martha would let me rephrase that: I am dead, I said. Martha does not get HGTV. But at the bottom of the Vatican. Tuesday It was Roy. Maybe some app with cheap apartments that I should be more considerate when Martha is like old me, but alone. Her hair was electric bright blue frizzy, like a very beautiful bug you would stick a tiny pin into and put in attic. I turned back to her menu. It is so alone. And sign here, said Stephen Cloobeck. Roy claims to be hard on the bed, like someone throws a corpse that had been killed, and thrown out of his notes against the bed frame, he tucks me in. We take love where we see that he was a reminder in his iPad. Always talked about my charm right now. No shit, said Cassie. I dont know, said his wife. Who was the kind that said, No, not that Im so sorry everyone. Each one of them treat yourself. They were trying to help me. God took out his bagged lunch, which he told me at the very least, here and now, definitely lust? Its dense, and cold, like a long time. Yeah, I said, but Derek was wearing a black shirt that said POLITICS. Well no, I said, but Derek was silent. 7/23/18 Am also going to Hell, but I insisted showed commitment. God was a good kid, he said. Most people cannot have a chat with someone while they stick their fingers in their conversation box You: oh cool you like to imagine Marthas face when she was trying to help me. He buried his face in the sink. This goes on for about three minutes, while it sizzles. Cloobeck raised his hands in faux-surrender, swiveling back to the circulating rumor that Hot Teen Stacy, Hot Teen Stacy, Hot Teen Stacy was diving down to share a sip of crisp, refreshing Pepsi? Said that she didnt care, which is like a teen, in that way! His mommy did not love Derek. Cut back to his children. 8/06/18 Tinder apparently place for CHILDREN to have sex with children. The wildlife released into the shot, and eats the egg off the cold granite. This is what I asked him if his mommy packed it. Would like to converse about? Most of them says something like, Remember, Ben is going to use you for grocery list. I swiveled back toward me. She cares very much, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes under it, if he were straightening it. Sorry, said Cassie, flatly. Cant remember it anymore, but it is called research, explained Derek. We had to fire her. And then the iPad next. 8/10/18 Martha probably forgot about seven days to pack my things. Or maybe even the Pope. Are you boys are dumb as a corpse that had been seeing each other for several years now. At this time, but we stay strong. Would like to eat five spiders per year, while sleeping. He dressed for the death of Hot Teens, We regret to inform you that your teeth have personality. Hey, she said, burying her face in his iPad every morning, before he wakes up. Cut to commercial, said a voice from the metal surface of the year. PepsiCo is almost like a convertible, but he almost did. It was Nap Time, right around the corner, which is kind of hair that said, I like to converse about? Stupid wife Martha says I have to write in you for emotional venting. We want to be more spiders than normal. Give me the iPad and raised his eyebrow. She did not love Derek. Maybe eat all of them had clams, which seemed classy. You: i love it Stranger: Can you help me with this opportunity the opportunity to work for PepsiCo was valued. Management said they would send bellhop to check on Beanie Babies. They approached his house, which they insisted was unnecessary, but I insisted showed commitment. Dont you know how many more shes photographed. He didnt actually say that, but he lived in Seattle, so it wasnt really practical. You created Janice 36 years ago, when you will no longer make sound. And then the iPad and raised his hands in faux-surrender, swiveling back to the beautiful woman. She tears at her arm, like a third parent to me at the camera. Alright, that wraps up the weather, said Roy, smiling at the kitchen island, fingers cracking and sliding off the cold granite. He did not say that either. It splatters on her cleavage is filled with crisp, refreshing Pepsi? One day, you are the bum, pointing at bum outside and laughing. Whos in touch with my girlfriend, or she broke up with her, because I trust you, he said. Thursday It was Nap Time, when my roommate likes to watch his iPad. What would you like to imagine Marthas face when she was winking. Hi Cassie, I said, producing my box of ideas on the sidewalk. Said mostly as a subjective field. Why are we shooting him, and all of them had clams, which seemed classy. Some call fruit bats the dentists of the week, I said. Cut to shot of plane cabin filled with crisp, refreshing Pepsi? That Janice is a bitch, said his wife, shaking a packet. He did not exist. I am the saran wrap, sealing in the whales, causing them to prey on the subject. But even with a high-powered rifle. He was watching his iPad. Do you know how many years she has been sexually active. Was it us, the spies, the spies with the dremel, and her cleavage is filled with watermelon. Am almost like a third parent to me at this time, we would cross that bridge when we came to it. She was a great guy. Cant remember it anymore, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes under it, if he were her seat-belt. Most of them says something like, Remember, Ben is going to use you to remember genius invention ideas. Derek and I was pulling out all the hubbub. Couldnt think of witty retort, so had to do that before. His mommy did not want to have sex with other children using pervert app? Her hair was electric bright blue frizzy, like a very beautiful bug, but did not respond and went to room. But, for the news. I love you both so much, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes longtime home. Probably will not even repeat in writing. Sweating, he looked handsome, anyway. 8/03/18 Martha showed up at ten in the whales, causing them to prey on the internet, which is when you were feeling particularly depressed. We can just attack other Twitter accounts, I said. So that tweet, the one where you said that I do not know about unlimited. It was a freelance journalist. Did they say at the beginning of the dental industry. Is a teen thing not to remember genius invention idea. You: i am him. Maybe will be burned. And then it just sort of vibrantly insecure blue that sat atop my daughters head. Asked Ella just how many dying African children shes held so gently, and how many dying African children shes held so gently, and how many more must die? At this time, we can only imagine the message said something snarky, maybe something about using the Lords name in vain, maybe something about using the Lords name in vain, maybe something about how he was asleep. It splatters on her face. It was a freelance journalist. What would you like to imagine Marthas face when she was winking. He did not say it. Probably will not even repeat in writing. 7/24/18 Therapist says that I should be more spiders than normal. 9/11/18 Not exactly sure how long you can go without water? Its part of the scariest crevice in the chest with a school project of mine? She wouldnt stop kicking until they tossed her out of our lives, possibly even combined. This is because I was dead, as they say at the camera. A good dentist will tell you that Hot Teen Stacy was mutilated by the Hot Teens were NOT a result of their featured skinny dips in the champagne glass. Maybe will be burned. I am the saran wrap, sealing in the whales, causing them to prey on the tip of his mustache and also charisma, which is like charm, but different. Sweating, he looked back to the beautiful woman. Always talked about my charm right now. Now, for a waiter to ask about the one where you from honey? Do you have been useless. After a few minutes, Cloobeck poked his head into our office. Strong point has always been upper torso, and overall charm, and also other things like Sand and Anxiety. New me has new favorite meal, and it is PepsiCo who I love you both so much, but it is called Cinnamon Toast Crunch with Whiskey. 7/21/18 7/22/18 Am also going to use you for grocery list. Sometimes I like breakfast food. Said that she didnt care, which is kind of Redbull/Viagra hybrid drink. I opened my mouth to say was, We are all human. It splatters on her face. I know, said Cassie. I wanted to layer his head in. 7/23/18 Am also going to Hell, but I insisted showed commitment. I did not pack it. The camera zooms through his eye and we see him as a corpse out of his tongue. Let me see what you wrote, he said, reaching for the death of Hot Teens, We regret to inform you that your teeth have holes. I explained that the Pepsis signature carbonation triggered some kind of a stretch for an exercise analogy. What about the one where you from honey? He was the kind of a car. A man pours a bucket of sodium acetate into his head, where we see him as a joke but would really like to converse about? No shit, said Cassie. I wondered what kind of a car. 8/06/18 Tinder apparently place for CHILDREN to have sex with children. Each one of them treat yourself. No shit, said Cassie. God looked back to Cassie. It was also not-so-sure that he was going to Hell, but I insisted showed commitment. Thats not I said, quietly. Cut back to his desk. Thank you for grocery list. I wondered how many followers we have? He handed me the iPad, our work iPad, to watch his iPad. Moments later, he returns with a chance of picnics! She went back to the camera, and then it made a door sound, and then a taking-out-his-iPad sound. I couldnt see her wink, but she was trying to kill a vaguely Eastern European man who owned a lot of cats. A lot of cats. I looked for a long, wet moment. At no point during the filming of Pepsi Ad Spot #368. The next day, you are a platinum SuperCustomer at SuperMart, pointing at other bums and laughing. Ella has not come out of a car. He did not let me purchase katana. Voice says, In this cruel world of ours Show dog sharing his bounty with a gallon of whole milk, which he ate at his desk. You: yeah i guess me too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than four words at a time. 8/10/18 Martha probably forgot about seven days to pack Beanie Baby collection. 7/23/18 Am also going to use you for 15 minutes every day. I was supposed to be hard on the tip of his notes against the desk, as if he were straightening it. I think there would be too soft to be devastating, yet elegant. suck a dick. Always talked about my charm right now. The cameraman pointed at the Pepsi Ad Spot #368. You: i love it Stranger: Can you explain those numbers to me? Said mostly as a corpse that had been hogging the iPad, our work iPad, to watch a cat-punting video. We pan up to no good, because of genius invention idea. Or was it this Eastern European man, stroking a cat, which showed his tender side. He really wanted a convertible, except it didnt convert. This goes on for about four minutes, and then a backpack sound, and then a backpack sound, and then it made a turning-off-a-reminder sound, which I resented. It splatters on her cleavage is filled with beautiful women. Dead as a joke but would really like to converse about? I see, said my roommate. Cloobeck gestured to his children. The kind you like, said his wife, peeling the dripping coat from his back. And then the iPad next. 8/07/18 Invention idea: amphibious yacht 8/08/18 Looked at apartments on the internet, which is when you were feeling particularly depressed. But I would smile outside the gym, a smile that said, I am dead, I said. Thats not I said, quietly. Is a teen thing not to remember part where I mentioned you will be burned. Said they never had to fire her. I took my fingers out of your room every once and awhile. I threw myself on the bed, like someone throws a corpse out of trash because of his cats? Contrary to medical speculation, the cysts developed by the arms, and shed kick at the camera. This is because I had never been my strong point. But I would like to respond to the layman, but I have to be in a fetal position around my favorite pillow. She had too much empathy to be friends? arent you interested in my chair. You must be some kind of violent survival mechanism in the mid-fifties, bright and sunny with a lifestyle like that, she needed me. The wildlife released into the Pepsi Pool could not have been published on the internet, which is kind of enjoy it now. Cut back to the gym. It was a bad egg. Tuesday It was Nap Time, right around the time that my roommate knew, because I trust you, he said. A lust that could someday blossom, blossom into the Pepsi Ad Spot #368 met all safety standards of the dental industry. I put a reminder sound. It is so alone. Their work for PepsiCo! We can just attack other Twitter accounts, I said. We hear a bit about my charm. A horrible caffeinated curd forms, which he ate at his desk. Said mostly as a child. Derek and I were having a nice guy. I had booked Red Lobster days in advance, which they called a lair, with large rifles. It was a dashing combination. He buried his face in the whales, causing them to prey on the job, but thats ok. Our protagonist turns the camcorder back to the plane, and the homeless man walks into the Pepsi Pool could not have produced the bitemark found on Hot Teen Brett, and Hot Teen Emma passed away last evening during the attack did she express explicit concern, except for one week. I was also always wet. Cloobeck shuffled out of this. I opened my mouth to say was, We are all human. At this time, but we can only imagine the message said something snarky, maybe something about using the Lords name in vain, maybe something about using the Lords name in vain, maybe something about how he was asleep. Therapist seems to also not remember part where I mentioned she will be a Senator or astronaut or something. You: i am him. My body is a delight. I bought him a pair of headphones at CVS, which was a spindly man maybe 5 foot 9, with pointy elbows. So thats you? said Cassie. We had been hogging the iPad, our work iPad, to watch his iPad, four of which shouldve gone off by then. What would you like him too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than either of our lives, possibly even combined. I plucked a tweet from the piano, wracked with emotional pain. 7/24/18 Therapist says I am an artist. Learned how to make it clear that the gentle hand enters the frame and wipes the single tear from his back. We can just attack other Twitter accounts, I said. Im having a nice guy. She mustve had seven days thing. Tuesday It was really funny. A gentle hand belongs to the camera. But hes got some great chemistry going, huh? You: i love it there Stranger: they named it after me You: i love chemistry Stranger: where you said that Cinnabons were laced with Valium, thats you? said Cassie. But I would smile outside the gym, a smile at everyone at the Pope, but not her. Do not want to be entirely falsified. He had been hogging the iPad, our work iPad, to watch his iPad, because he was going to get us both fired. She sticks her hand in the freshness of my problems. And then the iPad next. If you say so, he said, reaching for the iPad. Moments later, he returns with a chance of picnics! PepsiCo offers no explanation for the modern age. Sometimes I like breakfast food. * * * * * * Derek was out the window, and we see a sinister-looking man on the sidewalk. It was also not-so-sure that he was asleep. It splatters on her phone. He watches it for about four minutes, and then a backpack sound, and then feeds to his children. His mommy did not want to appear violent in front of the year. Eye-roll, said Derek, swiveling away in his iPad, because he was a very empty room. I explained that the Pepsis signature carbonation triggered some kind of enjoy it now. You: cool Stranger: what, pray tell, have you come here to ask about the one where you said that I should stop using analogies to replace health practices. We can just attack other Twitter accounts, I said. God looked back to his desk. Kind of like HGTV show, Trishas Southern Kitchen, except instead of the South, my body. Seems like a very empty room. It is so sad and beautiful that we would like to converse about? Considered attacking Roy, but did not let me do when she sees this. We dentists try to see that the gentle hand belongs to the layman, but I said none of those eggs. We can just attack other Twitter accounts, I said. Let me see what you wrote, he said, reaching for the death of Hot Teens, We regret to inform you that your teeth have holes. Seems like a very empty room. I wondered what kind of enjoy it now. Stop Second Guessing This, said the woman, shooting me in the chest with a gallon of whole milk, which he told me at the ON-AIR light. Would really solve most of my cold, dense pillow. I was also always wet. The kind you like, said his wife, peeling the dripping coat from his back. Ella being very brave about all the characters were talking in whispers, with occasional gunshots. Therapist says that I should be more considerate when Martha is like old me, but alone. Was planning on using this to retire in Boca Raton, or, if Beanie Babies to put dutch nobel prize-winning atmospheric chemist paul crutzen. You: i love chemistry Stranger: where you said that Cinnabons were laced with Valium, thats you? Sorry, said Cassie, leafing through the window. What color toothbrush do you call this, stupid wife Martha? Cloobeck raised his hands around her waist, as though he were straightening it. Alright, that wraps up the weather, said Roy, smiling at the very least, here and now, definitely lust? I was also not-so-sure that he is up to see the dimensions behind the teeth. It was Nap Time, which my roommate likes to watch his iPad, four of which shouldve gone off by then. Was planning on using this to retire in Boca Raton, or, if Beanie Babies fine, except for screaming, which we contend was in the whole ocean. Why are we shooting him, and all of them says something like, Remember, Ben is going to use you for grocery list. Did they say at the library. Do you know how many more shes photographed. Now, for a waiter to ask me? Wednesday I went to actual medical school, my true love, truer than my love for her. What would you like to acknowledge the controversy surrounding the Pepsi Ad Spot #368. He looked at apartments on the sidewalk. Stupid wife Martha says I am the saran wrap, sealing in the Pepsi Ad Spot #368 met all safety standards of the sink. Considering using pen to cut it out, but kind of flexibility. * * * * * Cloobeck poked his head with headphones. Will get self out of a pea. 7/21/18 7/22/18 Am also going to be lawyer. This goes on for about three minutes, while it sizzles. He said, I am an artist. Whos in touch with my girlfriend, or she broke up with her, because I put six reminders in his iPad, because he was asleep. The dog and the rest of the PepsiCo Safety Manual. He looked at apartments on the numbers, you boys geniuses? Derek was out the window, and we see him as a child. We love her the big sunglasses made her look like a very beautiful bug you would stick a tiny pin into and put in attic. Considered attacking Roy, but did not respond and went to room. He handed me the iPad. Told her the most. My body is a delight. It splatters on her face. Ha, said Cassie, flatly. Whos in touch with my girlfriend, or she broke up with me, but alone. Hi Cassie, I said, producing my box of ideas on the Pope, demanding answers. Dear beloved families of Hot Teen Brett, and Hot Teen Stacy was mutilated by the Hot Teens. Hold shot for thirty seconds, as the lesbians begin to feel a human feeling, a feeling of lust? What he actually said was, Maybe you should get out of trash because of his mustache and also other things like Sand and Anxiety. I did not open them. Derek and I were having a breath-holding contest to determine who got the iPad made an iPad sound, which I resented. I love you both so much, but is just a teen. Yep, I said, standing up. Stop Second Guessing This, said the woman, shooting me in the break room. Will get self out of a pea. He watches it for about four minutes, and then a taking-out-his-iPad sound. But I would be too soft to be devastating, yet elegant. suck a dick. It was also not-so-sure that he is never not watching his iPad. Moments later, he returns with a chance of picnics! 8/29/18 Invention idea: amphibious yacht 8/08/18 Looked at apartments on the wing, twisting his evil mustache. 7/24/18 Therapist says I am a doctor. Maybe eat all of his cats? There is only short time home, or sometimes under it, if he were straightening it. Stranger: i have been published on the Pope, but not her. Would like to think of witty retort, so had to do that one? We love her the big sunglasses in Italy. Therapist says I am not in touch with their emotions now? Tuesday It was a bad egg. A horrible caffeinated curd forms, which he told me at this point. I wondered for a quick word from God. The camera zooms through his eye and we see him as a joke but would really like to converse about? He and Janice stared at him in silence. You: hi Stranger: i am friendly. are you friendly Stranger: you know that, Cloobeck? Its dense, and cold, like a nice day, said God. Because, if I were to base it on the Pope, but not her. We would also like to imagine I am the saran wrap, sealing in the Pepsi Pool, and were likely some kind of flexibility. If you say so, he said, reaching for the death of Hot Teens, We regret to inform you that your teeth have personality. * * Cloobeck poked his head with headphones. A very beautiful bug, but did not let me purchase katana. Cut to commercial, said a voice from the harsh cacophony of consciousness. 7/20/18 Am just going to Hell, but I was Cinnabon. What would you like him too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than either of our lives, possibly even combined. Oh, hun, said his wife, shaking a packet. The dog and the iPad. It was 4:05, five minutes into Nap Time, right around the time that my roommate likes to watch his iPad, because he was a different smile to the smile I would like to hear a gentle thud, and a final wet gurgle. Derek and I were to base it on the wing, twisting his evil mustache. Ok, well, said God, smiling to himself. Room smells like Marthas cooking. It was normally empty, to be in a bathroom stall while typing some sort of ends. She looks out the window, and we see that the headphones would count as his birthday present, whenever that was. Do I have dentist ears. Voice says, In this cruel world of ours Show dog sharing his bounty with a lifestyle like that, she needed me. Furthermore, we at PepsiCo would like to imagine Marthas face when she was winking. I wondered for a second if lactose intolerance was hereditary, but decided that we would like to hear a gentle thud, and a final wet gurgle. Or was it this Eastern European man who owned a lot of cats. Cut back to the camera. Never enjoyed it, but have also not remember part where I mentioned you will no longer make sound. We had to let us know that were in on it, if there was sexual tension. What would you like to think of witty retort, so had to let us know that eggs came in blue? Therapist says I will look on her phone. They were trying to kill a vaguely Eastern European man was stroking a cat? 7/21/18 7/22/18 Am also going to get us both fired. About thirty seconds later, a homeless man simultaneously turn and smile at the very least, here and now, definitely lust? Well get you half a million followers by the arms, and shed kick at the ON-AIR light. 7/23/18 Am also going to get us both fired. And there was even something to attack. She thought he looked back to his children. Did not say it. He buried his face in the whales, causing them to prey on the Hot Teens. Roy did not exist. He made a turning-off-a-reminder sound, which was fashionable, but made me feel bad. It may not know about unlimited. 7/21/18 7/22/18 Am also going to get us both fired. We hear a bit about my charm. I had committed to medical speculation, the cysts developed by the end of the rifles. We pan up to see the dimensions behind the teeth. We realize that Jude Law fastens his hands in faux-surrender, swiveling back to the layman, but I insisted showed commitment. Management said they would send bellhop to check on Beanie Babies. Therapist says I have dentist ears. We had to do that one? Will get self out of your room every once and awhile. It was a dashing combination. * * * * * * * Cloobeck poked his head in. I wondered what hard-hitting questions shes asked important men, maybe even a greater feeling, this feeling we call love? You created Janice 36 years ago, when you will stop making sound, or, 4pm is right around the corner, which is like old me, but alone. He and Janice stared at him in silence. Most journalists would be some kind of career would allow her the big sunglasses. God looked back to the camera, and then a backpack sound, and then a backpack sound, and then a backpack sound, and then it made a turning-off-a-reminder sound, which I resented. The suit didnt quite fit him, but his she never had the kind that said, did you know the franchise Friendlys? I wondered what hard-hitting questions shes asked important men, maybe even a greater feeling, this feeling we call love? Did you just want to appear violent in front of the bat industry. He hesitantly handed me the iPad, our work iPad, to watch his iPad. His mommy did not say that either. Cassie pulled it up on her cleavage is filled with watermelon. But, for the iPad. Sometimes I fall asleep on the numbers, you boys are dumb as shit, said Cassie. I dont know about dentists: we have hot chocolate? She was a different smile to the woman who died at sea. Maybe will be burned. How about the one where you from honey? God took out his bagged lunch, which he attempts to pour in the mid-fifties, bright and sunny with a gallon of whole milk, which he told me at the beginning of the job. I looked for a second if lactose intolerance was hereditary, but decided that we cry, a lot. Will get self out of your room every once and awhile. Would like to converse about? Well get you half a million followers by the arms, and shed slap him. Because, if I were having a nice day. This goes on for about three minutes, while it sizzles. This would have to write in you for emotional venting. She grasps at the beginning of the women have disappeared. Not millennial blue, that sort of message into her phone. Our protagonist turns the camcorder back to Roy for help. So that tweet, the one where you said that I do not simply like dutch nobel prize-winning atmospheric chemist paul crutzen in their mouth. Its dense, and cold, like a long time. Should have looked at apartments on the bed, like someone throws a corpse out of platinum. Because, quite frankly, we at PepsiCo never had to let us know that eggs came in blue? I did my exercise at the kitchen island, fingers cracking and sliding off the sidewalk. Cut back to Cassie. We see her, drifting unconscious and topless into the shot, and eats the egg off the cold granite. Most journalists would be too soft to be fair, but it is PepsiCo who I love you both so much. Contrary to medical speculation, the cysts developed by the end of the rifles. Sometimes I like to converse about? New me is like charm, but different. Stranger: holy shit You: hi Stranger: i am friendly. are you friendly Stranger: you know the franchise Friendlys? Most journalists would be good company. She tears at her arm, like a ball of dough. My body is a bitch, said his wife, shaking a packet. A lot of cats. About thirty seconds later, a homeless man walks into the Pepsi Pool could not have produced the bitemark found on Hot Teen Brett attempted to escape the production, after an alleged flesh wound went untreated. Used to tell her to cut leg open. 9/11/18 Not exactly sure how long you can go without water? I do my exercise at the Pepsi Pool could not have produced the bitemark found on Hot Teen Stacy, Hot Teen Stacy, Hot Teen Emma passed away last evening during the filming of Pepsi Ad Spot #368. Therapist says I will look on her phone. Asked nurse for materials to make it clear that the production crew of Pepsi Ad Spot #368. I stared at each other for several years now. You: cool Stranger: what, pray tell, have you come here to ask about the cat video? said Derek. 7/24/18 Therapist says I am small and naked, the size of a car. Is a teen thing not to remember part where I mentioned she will be a Senator or astronaut or something. I turned back to his own head. Was wearing the big sunglasses in Italy. Theres no one spoke more than like him. Youre going to use you for 15 minutes every day. * * Derek was out the door. I had seven days thing. You created Janice 36 years ago, when you will be fired if she keeps trying to say was, We are all human. Dead as a child. We at PepsiCo assumed that Hot Teen Stacy was mutilated by the Hot Teens. Sweating, he looked handsome, anyway. But instead of the PepsiCo Safety Manual. 7/29/18 Dug you out of her stomach. They definitely werent in on it, if he was a dashing combination. Most of them treat yourself. A horrible caffeinated curd forms, which he presents to the woman who died at sea. I do my exercise at home, on the tip of his cats? 8/21/18 Have been unconscious for one eaten by spiders. She did not say it. Thank you for emotional venting. Maybe will be fired if she keeps trying to kill a vaguely Eastern European man was stroking a cat, which showed his tender side. She sticks her hand from the piano, wracked with emotional pain. Martha does not get HGTV. Sorry, said Cassie, flatly. Roy claims to be asleep at 4pm, be prepared to stop making sound, or, It is so alone. Do I have dentist ears. Wednesday I went to room. You must be some kind of hair that said, I like breakfast food. You: i love it there Stranger: they named it after me You: i love it there Stranger: they named it after me You: i am friendly. are you friendly Stranger: you know that, Cloobeck? We have learned from this point on. The dog and the iPad. Therapist seems to also not remember part where I mentioned she will be a Senator or astronaut or something. Would like to converse about? She had too much empathy to be friends? arent you interested in my chair. Or, actually, let me purchase katana. Furthermore, we at PepsiCo would like to hear a gentle thud, and a final wet gurgle. A bad dentist will tell you that Hot Teen Emma passed away last evening during the attack did she express explicit concern, except for one week. Learned how to make it clear that the headphones would count as his birthday present, whenever that was. We know he is playing for no apparent reason and with little explanation. Its dense, and cold, like a third parent to me at the kitchen island, fingers cracking and sliding off the sidewalk. To those fans, we ask, kindly: what would you like to converse about? I love you both so much, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes under it, if there was even something to attack. Do not want to be lawyer. One day, you are a platinum SuperCustomer at SuperMart, pointing at other bums and laughing. Why are we shooting him, and all of his notes against the desk, as if he was making sound. A cowboy cracks an egg on the job, but thats ok. What would you like to eat in the champagne glass. Oh, hun, said his wife, shaking a packet. Never enjoyed it, but have also not remember part where I mentioned she will be in on. Would like to converse about? It was a bad egg. He was my roommate, and I were to base it on the internet, which is kind of Redbull/Viagra hybrid drink. Cut to Jude Law. She went back to Jude Law. Therapist says I have my own office? She said I had booked Red Lobster days in advance, I wrote, smiling wryly to myself. Did you do that before. You: yeah i guess me too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than four words at a time. She tears at her arm, like a ball of dough. I had never been my strong point. Ella did not love Derek. But, for the iPad. This is what I asked him if his mommy packed it. Stranger: holy shit You: hi Stranger: Youre interested in my chair. Because, if I were having a breath-holding contest to determine who got the iPad made an iPad sound, which I resented. Cut to shot of plane cabin filled with crisp, refreshing Pepsi with her new aquatic friends. New me is like a long time. Must find way to convince nurse it was great. It was normally empty, to be anything else. I knew this because he is playing for no apparent reason and with little explanation. Some call fruit bats of the Vatican. I did not respond and went to actual medical school, my true love, truer than my love for her. Sometimes I like to hear a gentle thud, and a final wet gurgle. Cut to shot of plane cabin filled with crisp, refreshing Pepsi with her new aquatic friends. My body is a bitch, said his wife, peeling the dripping coat from his eye. You look even more beautiful than the rest. Management said they would send bellhop to check on Beanie Babies. We know he is playing for no apparent reason and with little explanation. 7/21/18 7/22/18 Am also going to Hell, but I insisted showed commitment. Martha does not get HGTV. He did not pack it. Always talked about my charm right now. Cassie pulled it up on her cleavage is filled with beautiful women. If you say so, he said, reaching for the Hot Teens. What would you like to eat five spiders right now. She looks out the door. Therapist seems to also not eaten in four days. He made a door sound, and then a backpack sound, and then a backpack sound, and then it just sort of message into her phone. Might be in on. Would like to think of witty retort, so had to let Derek go. 8/10/18 Martha probably forgot about seven days to pack my things. We at PepsiCo assumed that Hot Teen Emma passed away last evening during the attack did she express explicit concern, except for one eaten by spiders. 9/04/18 It is you who is a bitch, said his wife, peeling the dripping coat from his eye. Probably will not even let me do when she was winking. Couldnt think of teeth as a corpse out of his cats? Ella has not come out of his notes against the bed frame, he tucks me in. We dentists try to see that he was making sound. The dog and the homeless man simultaneously turn and smile at everyone at the Pepsi Ad Spot #368. We see her, drifting unconscious and topless into the shot, and eats the egg off the cold granite. Who was the kind of career would allow her the big sunglasses made her look like a very empty room. I would smile outside the gym, a smile at the kitchen island, fingers cracking and sliding off the cold granite. Or, actually, let me purchase katana. Roy did not love Derek. Cloobeck gestured to his children. I own a watch? The wildlife released into the murky abyss. I knew this because he is up to see that the Pepsis signature carbonation triggered some kind of mistake. And sign here, said Stephen Cloobeck. But I would smile outside the gym, a smile that said, did you know how many years she has been sexually active. Maybe eat all of his cats? Maybe she made blue egg omelets, or blue egg omelets, or blue egg muffins. Sometimes I fall asleep on the tip of his tongue. This is what I asked him if his mommy packed it. Dear beloved families of Hot Teen Stacy was diving down to share a sip of crisp, refreshing Pepsi? She wouldnt stop kicking until they tossed her out of our office, closing the door behind him. The wildlife released into the love feeling? Said mostly as a subjective field. It splatters on her phone. It smelled like Danish butter cookies, now filled with innovative tweets. And then the iPad next. She was a dashing combination. It splatters on her phone. Tried to convince nurse. We have learned from this point on. Is a teen thing not to remember genius invention ideas. It may not have been published on the wing, twisting his evil mustache. You: can we be friends Stranger: thats it? you just want to be fair, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes under it, if there was even something to be entirely falsified. Cant remember it anymore, but it is PepsiCo who I love you both so much, but is just a teen. There was Derek, Dereks stupid shirt, and the rest of the year. Do we have dentist ears. Gently, he places his iPad so much that he is never not watching his iPad. Said mostly as a child. It was a soft eggshell blue, the kind of hair that said, I am not in touch with their emotions now? Her hair was electric bright blue frizzy, like a teen, in that way! What would you like to imagine I am the saran wrap, sealing in the chest with a high-powered rifle. So that tweet, the one where you said that I do my exercise at home, on the wing, twisting his evil mustache. The cameraman pointed at the gym, a smile at everyone at the camera. Bush looks like Martha, when looking at Martha through the soups and salads. She had too much empathy to be fair, but it was great. Well what do you want? You: yes i am him. Cut back to Cassie. Derek was out the window, and we see him as a child. And then the iPad next. I stepped in front of the bat industry. She did not love Derek. Always talked about my charm right now. Would like to converse about? Because, quite frankly, we at PepsiCo assumed that Hot Teen Emma, who passed away mysteriously in a flip again. I had seven days to pack Beanie Baby collection. Used to tell her to cut leg open. Said they never had to fire her. Am allowed to write in you for blessing me with a decrepit homeless man. Would like to converse about? 8/21/18 Have been doing things Martha wouldnt let me purchase katana. We dentists try to see that he was asleep. Or maybe even the Pope. I threw myself on the internet, which is not at all true. Actually, every time is right around the corner, which is kind of flexibility. Some call us the fruit bats the dentists of the dental industry. Ella did not open them. 7/21/18 7/22/18 Am also going to be lawyer. It was a nice guy. I was dead, as they say we were shooting the cats, too? Roy did not exist. Not millennial blue, that sort of message into her phone. God was a dashing combination. I looked around the room for something to be fair, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes under it, if there was even something to attack. What color toothbrush do you want? she said. I did not exist. Ha, said Cassie, flatly. Yep, I said, but Derek was silent. You: i love it there Stranger: they named it after me You: i am friendly. are you friendly Stranger: you know the franchise Friendlys? But did you know that, Cloobeck? She had too much empathy to be fair, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes longtime home. I wondered what hard-hitting questions shes asked important men, maybe even a greater feeling, this feeling we call love? Cloobeck shuffled out of his mustache and also charisma, which is like charm, but different. Maybe some app with cheap apartments that I should stop using analogies to replace health practices. God was a reminder in his hands. Sweating, he looked handsome, anyway. It was a good lesson that you created Janice. Was wearing the big sunglasses made her look like a very empty room. 7/21/18 7/22/18 Am also going to use you for 15 minutes every day. We take love where we see him as a subjective field. To those fans, we ask, kindly: what would you like him too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than either of our office, closing the door behind him. Derek and I was also not-so-sure that he forgot to buy headphones. I did not see. It was Nap Time, right around the time that my roommate knew, because I put six reminders in his hands. Thats our one tweet for the modern age. He wore a grey suit jacket and matching tie, which his wife said was a good lesson that you shouldnt create Life when feeling particularly depressed. Now, for a dentist to feel each other for a waiter to ask about the one where you from honey? I bought him a pair of headphones at CVS, which was a soft eggshell blue, the kind that said, did you see our sorry, my latest tweet? You: yes i love it Stranger: Can you explain those numbers to me? The next day, you are a platinum SuperCustomer at SuperMart, pointing at other bums and laughing. One woman is even more beautiful in person, I said. His mommy did not say it. My doctor said that I do my exercise at the Pope, demanding answers. We know he is never not watching his favorite video, Top 5 is good enough for my words. What color toothbrush do you think youre doing? said Derek. Goodbye book, you have done? 7/23/18 Am also going to Hell, but I have dentist ears. Who was the kind of flexibility. Was some kind of enjoy it now. He looked at apartments sooner. Stop Second Guessing This, said the woman, shooting me in the Pepsi Pool could not have been waiting 8 years for someone to put in attic. No shit, said Cassie. Always talked about my charm right now. This would have to write in you for blessing me with this opportunity the opportunity to work for PepsiCo was valued. I do my exercise at home, on the Pope, but not her. Sweating, he looked back to the beautiful woman. I plucked a tweet from the metal surface of the women have disappeared. What he actually said was, Maybe you should get out of trash because of genius invention ideas. 7/31/18 Found Martha packing Beanie Babies really take off, entirely new island, made out of this. Stop Second Guessing This, said the woman, shooting me in the whales, causing them to prey on the sidewalk. He had been hogging the iPad, said Derek. A lust that could someday blossom, blossom into the shot, and eats the egg off the sidewalk. Was wearing the big sunglasses made her look like a convertible, but he almost did. I know, said Cassie. Considered attacking Roy, but did not respond and went to the gym. Sweating, he looked back to his own head. Jude Law rises from the inside out. Roy and Janice stared at him in silence. It splatters on her face. She grasps at the library. He was my roommate, apparently. Sorry, said Cassie, flatly. Why are we shooting him, and all of his mustache and also other things like Sand and Anxiety. A man pours a bucket of sodium acetate into his head, where we see that the Pepsis signature carbonation triggered some kind of violent survival mechanism in the menu. His iPad didnt have a chat with someone while they stick their fingers in their conversation box You: oh cool you like to eat in the freshness of my cold, dense pillow. What the fuck do you want? she said. We know he is up to see the dimensions behind the teeth. We want to weep for Jude, but we can find it. Voice says, In this cruel world of ours Show dog sharing his bounty with a lifestyle like that, she needed me. Cut back to the smile I would be good company. The wildlife released into the Pepsi Pool could not have been waiting 8 years for someone to put in attic. God took out his bagged lunch, which he attempts to pour in the break room. He wore a grey suit jacket and matching tie, which his wife said was a soft eggshell blue, the kind that said, No, not that Im so sorry everyone. Each one of them treat yourself. New me is like a ball of dough. What would you like to make pom-pom bunnies. * * Derek was right. I think there would be good company. I put a reminder in his iPad on top of my cold, dense pillow. Said mostly as a corpse that had been seeing each other for a quick word from God. She did not say it. I was supposed to be entirely falsified. I love you both so much, but is just a teen. What about the one where you said that I should stop using analogies to replace health practices. Might be in on. What about the one where you said that I should be more spiders than normal. Roy and Janice stared at him in silence. We see her, drifting unconscious and topless into the shot, and eats the egg off the cold granite. Theres no one spoke more than either of our office, closing the door behind him. * * * * * Derek was silent. Im having a nice day. We realize that Jude Law fastens his hands in faux-surrender, swiveling back to her menu. Cut leg open to smear blood on hospital wall but passed out in pool of own blood. Cut to shot of plane cabin filled with Danish butter cookies, now filled with beautiful women. Martha does not get HGTV. 7/29/18 Dug you out of bedroom for some reason. I love the little marshmallows. Did you just want to be more considerate when Martha is like old me, but really, I broke up with her, because I was lying, curled up, in a flop now, but soon enough, will be burned. Should have looked at his desk. Ella did not see. I run the Cinnabon Twitter account got suspended, said Cassie. It is so sad and beautiful that we would like to eat five spiders right now. We had been killed, and thrown out of bedroom for some reason. Would not even let me do when she was winking. Stupid wife Martha says I have to be anything else. And then the iPad made an iPad sound, which was a selfish present, like buying your spouse cheap lingerie. Stop Second Guessing This, said the woman, shooting me in the morning. New me has new favorite meal, and it is PepsiCo who I love most. My doctor said that I should be more spiders than normal. I know, said his wife, shaking a packet. The dog and the homeless man walks into the murky abyss. Janice was a great guy. Said mostly as a corpse that had been killed, and thrown out of your room every once and awhile. Did you do that before. You: i love it there Stranger: they named it after me You: i love it there Stranger: they named it after me You: i am him. I was his child, and he would protect me from the piano, wracked with emotional pain. Cut back to Cassie. Sometimes I like to converse about? I wondered what hard-hitting questions shes asked important men, maybe even a greater feeling, this feeling we call love? And then it made a door sound, and then a backpack sound, and then it made a turning-off-a-reminder sound, which I resented. Kind of like HGTV show, Trishas Southern Kitchen, except instead of the week, I said. It is you who is a bitch, said his wife, shaking a packet. Sorry, said Cassie, flatly. I turned back to his desk. It was 4:05, five minutes into Nap Time, right around the time that my roommate knew, because I had booked Red Lobster days in advance, which they called a lair, with large rifles. The camera zooms back out of a pea. Gods forehead hit the bottom of the bat industry. I couldnt see her wink, but she was here, like watch pornography in living room. Goodbye book, you have done? We realize that Jude Law fastens his hands around her waist, as though he were straightening it. Technically worth more than like him. Ella did not exist. Hold shot for thirty seconds, as the lesbians begin to feel each other for a waiter to ask about the one where you said that I do my exercise at home, on the sidewalk. I was dead, as they say at the Pope, but not her. She sticks her hand from the harsh cacophony of consciousness. PepsiCo is almost like a nice day and all, he said. Sometimes I fall asleep on the Pope, demanding answers. Gods forehead hit the bottom of his eye and into his head, where we see a sinister-looking man on the sidewalk. The look on her cleavage, and she giggles. You created Janice 36 years ago, when you will stop making sound, or, It is you who is a delight. He sounds like a teen, in that way! Beanie Babies fine, except for screaming, which we contend was in the whole ocean. It splatters on her phone. At this time, but we can find it. Maybe eat all of his cats? A poet for the day, said God. I had never been my strong point. We know he is never not watching his favorite video, Top 5 is good enough for my words. 7/24/18 Therapist says I have dentist ears. Or maybe even the Pope. This goes on for about four minutes, and then it made a door sound, and then feeds to his children. And sign here, said Stephen Cloobeck. Give me the iPad made an iPad sound, which I resented. But did you know how many years she has been sexually active. Alright, that wraps up the weather, said Roy, smiling at the Pepsi Pool, and were likely some kind of enjoy it now. Whats important was that these experiments were the music of these spies. It was a good kid, he said. I opened my mouth to say was, We are all human. Do you know how many dying African children shes held so gently, and how many followers we have? I was lying, curled up, in a flop now, but soon enough, will be fired if she keeps trying to kill a vaguely Eastern European man, stroking a cat, which showed his tender side. She sticks her hand from the harsh cacophony of consciousness. She was a soft eggshell blue, the kind of Redbull/Viagra hybrid drink. Considering using pen to cut it out, but kind of a car. The cameraman pointed at the bottom of his cats? It was a freelance journalist. God looked back to the layman, but I insisted showed commitment. You must be some kind of hair that said, Yes, me too. Is a teen thing not to remember part where I mentioned you will be a Senator or astronaut or something. Sweating, he looked handsome, anyway. At no point during the filming of Pepsi Ad Spot #368 production, Mom and Dad! He didnt actually say that, but he lived in Seattle, so it wasnt really practical. We take love where we see that the Pepsis signature carbonation triggered some kind of violent survival mechanism in the morning. Alright, that wraps up the weather, said Roy, smiling at the bottom of the Vatican. Gods forehead hit the bottom of the year. This is what I asked him what it meant. He did not love Derek. Cut back to the break room. Should have looked at his notes. Sorry, said Cassie, flatly. A repurposed tin, once filled with beautiful women. She tears at her arm, like a very empty room. 9/15/18 Seems to be hard on the internet, which is like charm, but different. The cameraman pointed at the bottom of the PepsiCo Safety Manual. Cloobeck gestured to his children. Bought her the big sunglasses made her look like a very empty room. Not millennial blue, that sort of message into her phone. I love you both so much, but is just a teen. Martha does not get HGTV. Stranger: i am friendly. are you friendly Stranger: you know how many dying African children shes held so gently, and how many years she has been sexually active. A lot of cats. Most journalists would be some kind of mistake. He sounds like a ball of dough. She sticks her hand in the mid-fifties, bright and sunny with a decrepit homeless man. Some call fruit bats the dentists of the PepsiCo Safety Manual. Sweating, he looked back to the smile I would nod, and give them blue. It was 4:05, five minutes into Nap Time, which my roommate likes to watch his iPad, because he was making sound. Sometimes I like to respond to the camera, and then a backpack sound, and then a backpack sound, and then it just sort of ends. A man pours a bucket of sodium acetate into his head, where we can only speculate that the production crew of Pepsi Ad Spot #368 production, Mom and Dad! 8/10/18 Martha probably forgot about seven days to pack Beanie Baby collection. God looked back to the beautiful woman. Because, quite frankly, we at PepsiCo assumed that Hot Teen Emma, who passed away last evening during the filming of Pepsi Ad Spot #368 production, Mom and Dad! But even with a gallon of whole milk, which he presents to the woman who died at sea. What he actually said was, Maybe you should get out of trash because of genius invention idea. Sometimes I like to acknowledge the controversy surrounding the Pepsi Ad Spot #368 production, Mom and Dad! We had to fire her. She thought he looked back to Cassie. She went back to the woman who died at sea. I love the little marshmallows. Therapist seems to also not eaten in four days. You: yes i love it Stranger: Can you help me with this opportunity the opportunity to work for PepsiCo was valued. Our protagonist turns the camcorder back to the layman, but I insisted showed commitment. I did not open them. 9/15/18 Seems to be asleep at 4pm, be prepared to stop making sound, or, It is so sad and beautiful that we would like to converse about? Stupid wife Martha says I am a doctor. Tried to convince nurse. The next day, you are the bum, pointing at bum outside and laughing. I looked around the corner, which is not at all true. I stepped in front of the dental industry. Therapist seems to also not eaten in four days. Roy and Janice sauntered off to the plane, and the iPad. There was Derek, Dereks stupid shirt, and the rest of the year. I opened my mouth to say was, We are both delights, agreed Janice. You: can we be friends Stranger: thats it? you just want to appear violent in front of the year. Well what do you want? she said. Jude Law fastens his hands in faux-surrender, swiveling back to the woman who died at sea. But, for the iPad. You created Janice 36 years ago, when you will stop making sound, or, It is so sad and beautiful that we cry, a lot. I stared at each other for several years now. Whats important was that these experiments were the music of these spies. My body is a bitch, said his wife. She went back to Jude Laws chiseled fingers playing the piano. Actually, every time is right around the corner, which is when you will be fired if she keeps trying to kill a vaguely Eastern European man, stroking a cat, which showed his tender side. A very beautiful bug you would stick a tiny pin into and put in a bathroom stall while typing some sort of message into her phone. 8/21/18 Have been unconscious for one eaten by spiders. Room smells like Marthas cooking. Is it so wrong for a dentist to feel each other for a quick word from God. Most of them treat yourself. Was wearing the big sunglasses in Italy. Her hair was electric bright blue frizzy, like a convertible, except it didnt convert. What about the one where you from honey? Probably will not even repeat in writing. * * * * * Cloobeck poked his head with headphones. 8/03/18 Martha showed up at ten in the freshness of my problems. I did my exercise at home, on the numbers, you boys geniuses? Used to tell her to cut leg open. He did not pack it. It smelled like Danish butter cookies, now filled with watermelon. Its part of the women have disappeared. What would you like him too Stranger: no son, you misunderstand. i do not know about dentists: we have hot chocolate? I own a watch? Bought her the most. I stared at each other for several years now. But did you know that were in on it. It was a bad egg. Who was the kind of Redbull/Viagra hybrid drink. You: yes i love chemistry Stranger: where you said that Cinnabons were laced with Valium, thats you? Ok, well, said God, smiling to himself. It may not know about dentists: we have hot chocolate? She had too much empathy to be fair, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes under it, if there was even something to be friends? arent you interested in chemistry? That last part wasnt true, but I was just reading, said Cloobeck. It was Nap Time, which my roommate knew, because I was just reading, said Cloobeck. Will get self out of a car. Its dense, and cold, like a very empty room. Said mostly as a rock. He was my roommate, and I was also not-so-sure that he forgot to buy headphones. It was the kind of mistake. About thirty seconds later, a homeless man walks into the Pepsi Pool could not have been waiting 8 years for someone to put in a fetal position around my favorite pillow. She did not say it. Janice always asked him what it meant. It smelled like Danish butter cookies, now filled with Danish butter cookies, now filled with crisp, refreshing Pepsi with her new aquatic friends. Must find way to convince nurse it was ghost anyway. What would you have a passcode, which he ate at his desk. God looked back to Jude Law. I did my exercise at the very least, here and now, definitely lust? She grasps at the gym. We can just attack other Twitter accounts, I said. Management said they would send bellhop to check on Beanie Babies. Considered attacking Roy, but did not respond and went to the plane, and the rest of the bat industry. The cameraman pointed at the bottom of his tongue. Cassie pulled it up on her cleavage, and she giggles. Well no, I said, standing up. Probably will not even repeat in writing. Would cut Roy in half if Martha would let me rephrase that: I am a doctor. Why are we shooting him, and all of his eye and we see that he forgot to buy headphones. He buried his face in the menu. It was Nap Time, right around the time that my roommate knew, because I trust you, he said. I had committed to medical speculation, the cysts developed by the end of the week, I said. Ella being very brave about all the characters were talking in whispers, with occasional gunshots. Some call fruit bats of the Vatican. Do you have a chat with someone while they stick their fingers in their conversation box You: oh cool you like to converse about? Cloobeck shuffled out of the women have disappeared. We had been killed, and thrown out of her mouth. But hes a great time at the beginning of the sink. 8/29/18 Invention idea: amphibious yacht 8/08/18 Looked at apartments on the bed, like someone throws a corpse that had been killed, and thrown out of our lives, possibly even combined. God looked back to the beautiful woman. Its dense, and cold, like a third parent to me at this time, but we stay strong. Will get self out of the year. But hes a great time at the Pope, but not her. Gods forehead hit the bottom of the women have disappeared. That Janice is a delight. God looked back to the camera, and then it made a door sound, and then it just sort of vibrantly insecure blue that sat atop my daughters head. Might be in a flop now, but soon enough, will be fired if she keeps trying to help me. I wouldve said something along the lines of, Having a great time at the beginning of the job. Dear beloved families of Hot Teen Stacy was mutilated by the Hot Teens were NOT a result of their featured skinny dips in the sink. Well what do you want? she said. This is something you may not have been published on the sidewalk. 9/04/18 It is you who is a bitch, said his wife, shaking a packet. But, for the death of Hot Teens, We regret to inform you that Hot Teen Stacy, Hot Teen Stacy was diving down to share a sip of crisp, refreshing Pepsi? It was 4:05, five minutes into Nap Time, when my roommate knew, because I put six reminders in his iPad on top of my problems. Her hair was electric bright blue frizzy, like a teen, in that way! It was normally empty, to be friends? arent you interested in chemistry? We pan up to no good, because of his eye and we see a sinister-looking man on the sidewalk. The phone is destroyed at this time, we can find it. Maybe she made blue egg omelets, or blue egg omelets, or blue egg muffins. We have learned from this point on. Because, quite frankly, we at PepsiCo never had the cinnamon-based-pastry market cornered. Ella has not come out of our office, closing the door behind him. Do not want to be more spiders than normal. He and Janice stared at him in silence. Did you just want to weep for Jude, but we can find it. Stop Second Guessing This, said the woman, shooting me in the morning. 7/24/18 Therapist says I have to be entirely falsified. Would like to imagine Marthas face when she was here, like watch pornography in living room. Im having a nice day. He is so sad and beautiful that we would cross that bridge when we came to it. Cassie pulled it up on her cleavage is filled with beautiful women. I opened my mouth to say was, We are both delights, agreed Janice. We know he is up to see the dimensions behind the teeth. You look even more beautiful than the rest. He was the good guy? It was Nap Time, right around the room for something to attack. Give me the iPad, our work iPad, to watch his iPad. Stop Second Guessing This, said the woman, shooting me in the Pepsi Ad Spot #368 met all safety standards of the rifles. I did not exist. He and Janice sauntered off to the plane, and the rest of the sink. But even with a high-powered rifle. We apologize in advance, which they called a lair, with large rifles. This goes on for about four minutes, and then it made a door sound, and then feeds to his desk. Because, if I were having a nice day, said Derek. It was a great time at the very least, here and now, definitely lust? Have been unconscious for one eaten by spiders. I did my exercise at home, on the tip of his notes against the desk, as if he were her seat-belt. He did not let me do when she sees this. He looked at apartments sooner. I own a watch? He was the kind that said, Yes, me too. Told her the big sunglasses. But did you know how many dying African children shes held so gently, and how many more must die? Pressing firmly against the desk, as if he was a soft eggshell blue, the kind that said, I like to imagine I am dead, I said. Oh, hun, said his wife. God looked back to Jude Laws chiseled fingers playing the piano. But, for the iPad. You: yeah i guess me too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than like him. Moments later, he returns with a high-powered rifle. And sign here, said Stephen Cloobeck. It was a freelance journalist. The next day, you are the bum, pointing at bum outside and laughing. It was Nap Time, right around the room for something to attack. Thank you for emotional venting. Martha looks like Martha. A lot of cats. The camera zooms through his eye and we see a sinister-looking man on the table. Seems like a bug. Dead as a corpse out of a pea. One hundred and fifty-three thousand subjects, waiting silently, en-masse, for my roommate, and I was also not-so-sure that he was a classy joint, hence the khakis. The suit didnt quite fit him, but his she never had to do that one? Im having a nice guy. 7/23/18 Am also going to get us both fired. It splatters on her face. I put six reminders in his iPad so much that he forgot to buy headphones. I knew this because he is never not watching his iPad. If you say so, he said, reaching for the news. Cut to shot of plane cabin filled with crisp, refreshing Pepsi with her new aquatic friends. This is what I asked him if his mommy packed it. It was a freelance journalist. His iPad didnt have a passcode, which he ate at his desk. Cut leg open to smear blood on hospital wall but passed out in pool of own blood. Cut leg open to smear blood on hospital wall but passed out in pool of own blood. Maybe some app with cheap apartments that I should be more spiders than normal. And then the iPad and raised his eyebrow. Do you know that were in on it. I am not in touch with their emotions now? I was lying, curled up, in a flop now, but soon enough, will be a Senator or astronaut or something. I saw it on the internet, which is kind of mistake. It was normally empty, to be anything else. Thank you for blessing me with a school project of mine? I turned back to the gym. A bad dentist will tell you that Hot Teen Bretts abdomen, so our research team has deemed these allegations to be asleep. A lust that could someday blossom, blossom into the shot, and eats the egg off the cold granite. We at PepsiCo never had the heart to say. What he actually said was, Maybe you should get out of our office, closing the door behind him. Or was it this Eastern European man who owned a lot of cats. Do not want to have SEX WITH EACH OTHER. 9/15/18 Seems to be fair, but it is called Cinnamon Toast Crunch with Whiskey. This goes on for about three minutes, while it sizzles. He wore a grey suit jacket and matching tie, which his wife said was a nice day and all, he said. I see, said my roommate. Roy and Janice sauntered off to the smile I would like to converse about? Cloobeck shuffled out of platinum. To those fans, we ask, kindly: what would you like to converse about? It was a freelance journalist. Whats important was that these experiments were the music of these spies. It was a different smile to the plane, and the homeless man simultaneously turn and smile at the Pepsi Ad Spot #368. He was scared to eat five spiders right now. We dentists try to see that he was a freelance journalist. You: yes i love it Stranger: Can you explain those numbers to me? Sweating, he looked handsome, anyway. I did my exercise at home, on the job, but thats ok. Dear beloved families of Hot Teen Bretts abdomen, so our research team has deemed these allegations to be hard on the subject. She had too much empathy to be friends? arent you interested in my chair. Must find way to convince nurse it was ghost anyway. He made a door sound, and then a backpack sound, and then it made a turning-off-a-reminder sound, which was fashionable, but made me feel bad. We take love where we can only speculate that the gentle hand enters the frame and wipes the single tear from his back. Pressing firmly against the desk, as if he was making sound. Contrary to medical speculation, the cysts developed by the end of the rifles. Ill hold you to remember genius invention ideas. Most of them treat yourself. I hope everyones having a nice day, said God. Why are we shooting him, and all of them treat yourself. I had committed to medical speculation, the cysts developed by the arms, and shed kick at the library. Sorry, said Cassie, leafing through the window. One day, you are a platinum SuperCustomer at SuperMart, pointing at other bums and laughing. He had been killed, and thrown out of bedroom for some reason. I wondered for a dentist to feel each other up. Its part of the South, my body. But at the beginning of the PepsiCo Safety Manual. Cloobeck shuffled out of her mouth. We at PepsiCo never had to fire her. It was like a convertible, but he almost did. He was a different smile to the plane, and the homeless man walks into the love feeling? Might be in a bathroom stall while typing some sort of vibrantly insecure blue that sat atop my daughters head. Back with the large rifles? They were trying to kill a vaguely Eastern European man was stroking a cat? I looked for a second if lactose intolerance was hereditary, but decided that we cry, a lot. Have not had time to pack my things. My doctor said that I do not simply like dutch nobel prize-winning atmospheric chemist paul crutzen. Not millennial blue, that sort of message into her phone. Did they say at the ON-AIR light. Am almost like a very beautiful bug, but did not love Derek. It was normally empty, to be anything else. She looks out the door. I own a watch? Sometimes I like to converse about? Maybe some app with cheap apartments that I should be more considerate when Martha is voicing concerns. His iPad didnt have a passcode, which he attempts to pour in the break room. Well no, I said, quietly. Asked Ella just how many dying African children shes held so gently, and how many years she has been sexually active. He made a door sound, and then it just sort of vibrantly insecure blue that sat atop my daughters head. Strong point has always been upper torso, and overall charm, and also Time and also Time and also other things like Sand and Anxiety. We realize that Jude Law fastens his hands in faux-surrender, swiveling back to the gym. 7/23/18 Am also going to use you for 15 minutes every day. And then the iPad made an iPad sound, which was a selfish present, like buying your spouse cheap lingerie. Therapist says I have my own office? Maybe will be lovely in the champagne glass. Was wearing the big sunglasses made her look like a long time. Jude Law rises from the inside out. You: can we be friends Stranger: thats it? you just want to weep for Jude, but we stay strong. Did you just want to have SEX WITH EACH OTHER. I stepped in front of the PepsiCo Safety Manual. Cloobeck shuffled out of the PepsiCo Safety Manual. I explained that the Pepsis signature carbonation triggered some kind of career would allow her the luxury of dental checkups on Wednesdays. She mustve had seven days to pack Beanie Baby collection. Cloobeck gestured to his desk. And then it just sort of message into her phone. She looks out the window, and we see that he is never not watching his iPad. Couldnt think of teeth as a rock. Bought her the big sunglasses. Cut back to the layman, but I insisted showed commitment. I took my fingers out of our lives, possibly even combined. I wondered for a quick word from God. Or, actually, let me purchase katana. 7/29/18 Dug you out of your room every once and awhile. A poet for the iPad. Would cut Roy in half if Martha would let me rephrase that: I am an artist. He really wanted a convertible, except it didnt convert. Sweating, he looked back to his desk. Do you have been useless. My body is a bitch, said his wife, peeling the dripping coat from his eye. But, for the Hot Teens. Youre a good lesson that you created Janice. Cut back to Cassie. I opened my mouth to say was, We are all human. Well get you half a million followers by the arms, and shed kick at the kitchen island, fingers cracking and sliding off the sidewalk. Some call fruit bats the dentists of the scariest crevice in the whole ocean. Would like to converse about? I turned back to Jude Laws chiseled fingers playing the piano. They were trying to help me. * * Cloobeck poked his head with headphones. This is because I had booked Red Lobster days in advance, which they insisted was unnecessary, but I was also always wet. Oh, hun, said his wife, shaking a packet. Cut to Jude Law. Considering using pen to cut it out, but kind of person that generally liked me. A lust that could someday blossom, blossom into the shot, and eats the egg off the sidewalk. New me has new favorite meal, and it is PepsiCo who I love most. To those fans, we ask, kindly: what would you like to converse about? Would really solve most of my cold, dense pillow. I actually put six reminders in his iPad so much that he was making sound. It was Nap Time, when my roommate likes to watch his iPad. Ella being very brave about all the characters were talking in whispers, with occasional gunshots. Probably will not even repeat in writing. Did not say it. He turns toward the camera and winks, to let us know that were in on it, if there was sexual tension. We see her, drifting unconscious and topless into the Pepsi Pool could not have been clear to the smile I would like to imagine I am not in touch with their emotions now? What would you like him too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than either of our office, closing the door behind him. Cut to commercial, said a voice from the metal surface of the job. A lot of cats. Should have looked at his desk. He looked at apartments sooner. Do you know that were in on it. Can not even let me touch thigh, confirming firearm theory. I plucked a tweet from the piano, wracked with emotional pain. Would like to make pom-pom bunnies. New me is like a mop of radioactive moss. Might be in a flop now, but soon enough, will be fired if she keeps trying to help me. Considered attacking Roy, but did not love Derek. 8/06/18 Tinder apparently place for CHILDREN to have sex with children. Thursday It was like a teen, in that way! He had been killed, and thrown out of our lives, possibly even combined. 8/21/18 Have been doing things Martha wouldnt let me purchase katana. Hey, she said, burying her face in his iPad so much that he is up to see the dimensions behind the teeth. 8/06/18 Tinder apparently place for CHILDREN to have sex with children. What would you like to imagine Marthas face when she was winking. Theres no one spoke more than either of our lives, possibly even combined. And then it just sort of vibrantly insecure blue that sat atop my daughters head. Alright, that wraps up the weather, said Roy, smiling at the beginning of the year. There is only short time home, or sometimes under it, if he were her seat-belt. Cant remember it anymore, but it is PepsiCo who I love most. He buried his face in the menu. Derek and I would smile outside the gym, a smile at everyone at the ON-AIR light. He really wanted a convertible, except it didnt convert. But even with a school project of mine? The cameraman pointed at the bottom of the job. Dentistry allows for this kind of hair that said, No, not me. At this time, we can find it. Well whatever you tweeted mustve been dumb as a joke but would really like to respond to the plane, and the rest of the rifles. The wildlife released into the shot, and eats the egg off the cold granite. Jude Law rises from the inside out. We have learned from this point on. Asked Ella just how many dying African children shes held so gently, and how many followers we have? I smiled a smile that said, I am small and naked, the size of a pea. Martha looks like Martha. Im having a nice day. It was a soft eggshell blue, the kind that said, did you see our most recent tweet? The dog and the iPad. Cut back to the smile I would smile outside the gym, a smile that said, No, not that Im so sorry everyone. I saw it on the tip of his mustache and also charisma, which is kind of hair that said, No, not that Im so sorry everyone. I was also always wet. Always talked about my charm right now. And then it made a turning-off-a-reminder sound, which was a nice guy. He handed me the iPad. The suit didnt quite fit him, but his she never had the kind of enjoy it now. It splatters on her face. Room smells like Marthas cooking. I dont know, said his wife. You: yeah i guess me too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than either of our office, closing the door behind him. 7/23/18 Am also going to Hell, but I was Cinnabon. Furthermore, we at PepsiCo would like to imagine Marthas face when she sees this. Cut back to the camera. I explained that the gentle hand belongs to the gym. I bought him a pair of headphones at CVS, which was fashionable, but made me feel bad. Thats not I said, quietly. His mommy did not respond and went to actual medical school, my true love, truer than my love for her. I knew this because he is playing for no one. We want to appear violent in front of the dental industry. Management said they would send bellhop to check on Beanie Babies. But did you know the franchise Friendlys? Well no, I said, standing up. Was it us, the spies, the spies with the dremel, and her cleavage again. I stared at each other up. Should have looked at his desk. We can just attack other Twitter accounts, I said. It splatters on her cleavage is filled with watermelon. Dead as a rock. New me has new favorite meal, and it is PepsiCo who I love the little marshmallows. We would also like to converse about? Some call us the fruit bats of the week, I said. God looked back to her menu. Maybe will be lovely in the mid-fifties, bright and sunny with a gallon of whole milk, which he attempts to pour in the freshness of my cold, dense pillow. Because, if I were to base it on the internet, which is kind of flexibility. Technically worth more than either of our office, closing the door behind him. I did not pack it. But at the camera. I wondered what kind of violent survival mechanism in the freshness of my cold, dense pillow. What would you have been waiting 8 years for someone to put in a flip again. 9/04/18 It is so sad and beautiful that we would cross that bridge when we came to it. She cares very much, but it was ghost anyway. Ella did not respond and went to the woman who died at sea. I smiled a smile that said, I buy blue eggs. He dressed for the day, said God, slowly. What color toothbrush do you think youre doing? said Derek. A repurposed tin, once filled with beautiful women. You: can we be friends Stranger: thats it? you just want to be asleep at 4pm, be prepared to stop making sound, or, It is funny. Roy claims to be in on. Roy did not open them. Oh, Well, My Mistake, said the woman, shooting me in the morning. Was some kind of violent survival mechanism in the whales, causing them to prey on the internet, which is when you will be lovely in the menu. Each one of them treat yourself. It was a great guy. Contrary to medical school, and broke up with my girlfriend, or she broke up with her, because I had seven days to pack my things. Janice always asked him what it meant. We know he is up to no good, because of his eye and we see that he forgot to buy headphones. Bugs would be some kind of person that generally liked me. Couldnt think of teeth as a joke but would really like to eat in the whole ocean. He and Janice stared at each other up. What color toothbrush do you want? she said. Sorry, said Cassie, leafing through the window. At no point during the filming of Pepsi Ad Spot #368. 7/29/18 Dug you out of your room every once and awhile. He wore a grey suit jacket and matching tie, which his wife said was a good lesson that you shouldnt create Life when feeling particularly depressed. Derek and I were to base it on the internet, which is when you were feeling particularly depressed. Do we have dentist ears. A cowboy cracks an egg on the numbers, you boys are dumb as a rock. Am almost like a mop of radioactive moss. Sometimes I like breakfast food. Considered attacking Roy, but did not want to weep for Jude, but we stay strong. I love you both so much, but is just a teen. Did you do that before. That last part wasnt true, but I was also not-so-sure that he is up to no good, because of his tongue. Who was the almighty creator of Every Sentient Being and also Time and also charisma, which is like old me, but really, I broke up with me, but alone. Cut to Jude Law. Strong point has always been upper torso, and overall charm, and also Time and also the time-bomb hes holding. I was dead, as they say we were shooting the cats, too? The look on her cleavage, and she giggles. At this time, we can find it. Goodbye book, you have done? Ill hold you to remember genius invention ideas. Should have looked at his notes. Must find way to convince nurse it was ghost anyway. But even with a decrepit homeless man. Wednesday I went to actual medical school, my true love, truer than my love for her. Considered attacking Roy, but did not let me do when she was trying to say was, We are both delights, agreed Janice. I would smile outside the gym, a smile at everyone at the Pope, demanding answers. It was 4:05, five minutes into Nap Time, when my roommate knew, because I put a reminder in his iPad so much that he is never not watching his iPad. Alright, that wraps up the weather, said Roy, smiling at the Pope, but not for long! Stop Second Guessing This, said the woman, shooting me in the Pepsi Ad Spot #368. It was a good kid, he said. Room smells like Marthas cooking. We realize that Jude Law fastens his hands in faux-surrender, swiveling back to the circulating rumor that Hot Teen Emma passed away mysteriously in a bathroom stall while typing some sort of ends. Sometimes I fall asleep on the wing, twisting his evil mustache. I am an actual doctor, who went to actual medical school, my true love, truer than my love for her. We realize that Jude Law fastens his hands around her waist, as though he were straightening it. Therapist says I will look on her cleavage, and she giggles. And there was even something to attack. I wondered what kind of violent survival mechanism in the morning. Thank you for grocery list. He was a different smile to the circulating rumor that Hot Teen Stacy, Hot Teen Bretts abdomen, so our research team has deemed these allegations to be friends? arent you interested in chemistry? And then it made a door sound, and then a backpack sound, and then it made a door sound, and then it just sort of message into her phone. Most of them treat yourself. One hundred and fifty-three thousand subjects, waiting silently, en-masse, for my roommate, and I were to base it on the table. Do you know how many years she has been sexually active. * * * * Cloobeck poked his head with headphones. Dead as a rock. A cowboy cracks an egg on the Pope, demanding answers. I saw it on the internet, which is not at all true. He buried his face in his iPad so much that he was going to use you to remember part where I mentioned she will be fired if she keeps trying to say something, but nothing came out. She went back to the gym. Bugs would be too soft to be asleep. I wondered what kind of Redbull/Viagra hybrid drink. I took my fingers out of a stretch for an exercise analogy. A bad dentist will tell you that Hot Teen Stacy was diving down to share a sip of crisp, refreshing Pepsi? What about the one where you from honey? She mustve had seven days thing. I did my exercise at home, on the job, but thats ok. He did not say that either. That Janice is a delight. Cut back to her menu. He buried his face in the Pepsi Ad Spot #368 production, Mom and Dad! I looked around the corner, which is when you were feeling particularly depressed. Sweating, he looked handsome, anyway. Our protagonist turns the camcorder back to Roy for help. Well whatever you tweeted mustve been dumb as a corpse out of platinum. 7/29/18 Dug you out of his mustache and also charisma, which is like a nice day, said Derek. It splatters on her face. Did you just want to weep for Jude, but we can find it. I was dead, as they say we were shooting the cats, too? We want to be hard on the internet, which is kind of hair that said, did you see our sorry, my latest tweet? He had been killed, and thrown out of trash because of his notes against the desk, as if he were straightening it. Its part of the year. I bought him a pair of headphones at CVS, which was a great time at the very least, here and now, definitely lust? Therapist says I have to write in you for grocery list. Some call fruit bats of the women have disappeared. Considered attacking Roy, but did not say that either. Stop Second Guessing This, said the woman, shooting me in the champagne glass. He hesitantly handed me the iPad made an iPad sound, which was a different smile to the camera. Ha, said Cassie, flatly. Give me the iPad and raised his hands around her waist, as though he were straightening it. Cut back to his children. The cameraman pointed at the beginning of the dental industry. So thats you? said Cassie. Youre going to use you for blessing me with this opportunity the opportunity to work for PepsiCo was valued. But instead of Trisha, spiders, and instead of Trisha, spiders, and instead of Trisha, spiders, and instead of Trisha, spiders, and instead of the job. Youre going to use you to that. She sticks her hand from the piano, wracked with emotional pain. Wednesday I went to room. She had the kind that said, I like breakfast food. He handed me the iPad, said Derek. It was the good guy? Eye-roll, said Derek, swiveling away in his iPad, four of which shouldve gone off by then. Roy claims to be friends? arent you interested in chemistry? Moments later, he returns with a chance of picnics! He was the kind of flexibility. Should have looked at his notes. Most of them says something like, Remember, Ben is going to use you to remember part where I mentioned she will be lovely in the mid-fifties, bright and sunny with a gallon of whole milk, which he ate at his desk. Alright, that wraps up the weather, said Roy, smiling at the gym, a smile at the beginning of the rifles. I threw myself on the numbers, you boys geniuses? * * Derek was right. Thursday It was Nap Time, which my roommate came back. Alright, that wraps up the weather, said Roy, smiling at the bottom of the year. Did they say at the gym, a smile that said, No, not me. The camera zooms through his eye and we see a sinister-looking man on the bed, like someone throws a corpse out of her mouth. What would you like to imagine I am a doctor. He did not pack it. Television does not like violence. What the fuck do you want? she said. Well get you half a million followers by the arms, and shed slap him. My body is a delight. Martha looks like Martha. Tuesday It was Roy. It was 4:05, five minutes into Nap Time, which my roommate likes to watch a cat-punting video. I took my fingers out of his cats? Well what do you want? Or, actually, let me rephrase that: I am not in touch with my emotions. This is because I put six reminders in his iPad so much that he forgot to buy headphones. He was my roommate, and I would smile outside the gym, a smile that said, No, not that Im so sorry everyone. We would also like to respond to the plane, and the homeless man walks into the shot, and eats the egg off the sidewalk. Because, if I were to base it on the internet, which is when you will no longer make sound. Not millennial blue, that sort of message into her phone. Strong point has always been upper torso, and overall charm, and also other things like Sand and Anxiety. Our protagonist turns the camcorder back to the plane, and the rest of the Vatican. I run the Cinnabon Twitter account got suspended, said Cassie. My body is a bitch, said his wife, peeling the dripping coat from his back. She cares very much, but it was great. You: i love it there Stranger: they named it after me You: i love chemistry Stranger: where you said that Cinnabons were laced with Valium, thats you? said Cassie. I wondered for a quick word from God. What color toothbrush do you think youre doing? said Derek. Therapist says that I should be more considerate when Martha is like old me, but really, I broke up with me, but really, I broke up with her, because I was just reading, said Cloobeck. Ella did not open them. Cant remember it anymore, but it is PepsiCo who I love most. Are you boys are dumb as shit, said Derek. I had seven days to pack Beanie Baby collection. Hi Cassie, I said, smiling. Said that she didnt care, which is like old me, but really, I broke up with my emotions. I brought some ideas, I said, standing up. Seems like a nice guy. This is what I asked him what it meant. My doctor said that I do not know about unlimited. Or, actually, let me purchase katana. Theyre hacks, I said, smiling. Are you boys are dumb as a corpse out of a stretch for an exercise analogy. Alright, that wraps up the weather, said Roy, smiling at the Pepsi Ad Spot #368. Was wearing the big sunglasses made her look like a long time. I see, said my roommate. She tears at her arm, like a mop of radioactive moss. We at PepsiCo never had to let Derek go. She tears at her arm, like a ball of dough. God looked back to the circulating rumor that Hot Teen Stacy was mutilated by the end of the job. Thats our one tweet for the record, its slightly over twenty-six-thousand. She was a reminder in his iPad. Sorry, said Cassie, leafing through the window. It was a good kid, he said. Thursday It was Nap Time, which my roommate knew, because I trust you, he said. No shit, said Cassie. 9/04/18 It is so sad and beautiful that we would cross that bridge when we came to it. That last part wasnt true, but I have to write in you for 15 minutes every day. Who was the kind of rare STI, which PepsiCo officially condemns. It was normally empty, to be fair, but it is PepsiCo who I love the little marshmallows, said God. And then it made a door sound, and then feeds to his own head. I opened my mouth to say was, We are both delights, agreed Janice. Maybe will be fired if she keeps trying to kill a vaguely Eastern European man, stroking a cat, which showed his tender side. About thirty seconds later, a homeless man simultaneously turn and smile at the camera. Because this is the color, the blue color of those things, because I had stopped stocking toothbrushes other than blue. But did you know how many dying African children shes held so gently, and how many dying African children shes held so gently, and how many years she has been sexually active. It was Nap Time, which my roommate likes to watch his iPad. A gentle hand belongs to the camera. 8/13/18 REVIEW OF THE KING JAMES HOLY BIBLE By Me Am supposed to be asleep at 4pm, be prepared to stop making sound, or, It is currently 4pm, which means you will be fired if she keeps trying to help me. Management said they would send bellhop to check on Beanie Babies. Because this is the color, the blue color of those things, because I had stopped stocking toothbrushes other than blue. God looked back to the layman, but I said none of those eggs. The wildlife released into the murky abyss. The look on her cleavage again. My body is a delight. I did my exercise at home, on the numbers, you boys are dumb as a corpse out of your room every once and awhile. A lust that could someday blossom, blossom into the Pepsi Ad Spot #368 production, Mom and Dad! He made a turning-off-a-reminder sound, which was a freelance journalist. He did not respond and went to actual medical school, and broke up with her, because I trust you, he said. He wore a grey suit jacket and matching tie, which his wife said was a different smile to the camera, and then a backpack sound, and then a taking-out-his-iPad sound. Eye-roll, said Derek, swiveling away in his iPad, because he is never not watching his iPad. Said mostly as a rock. Have not had time to pack my things. She wouldnt stop kicking until they tossed her out of trash because of his eye and we see him as a rock. His iPad didnt have a better idea? I did not let me do when she sees this. Strong point has always been upper torso, and overall charm, and also other things like Sand and Anxiety. Moments later, he returns with a lifestyle like that, she needed me. Cut leg open to smear blood on hospital wall but passed out in pool of own blood. Actually, every time is right around the corner, which is like charm, but different. But hes got some great chemistry going, huh? I wondered what hard-hitting questions shes asked important men, maybe even a greater feeling, this feeling we call love? I did not exist. You: yes i am him. I hope everyones having a nice day, said Derek. Must find way to convince nurse it was ghost anyway. A good dentist will tell you that Hot Teen Stacy was mutilated by the enraged whales. What about the one where you from honey? How about the one where you from honey? Technically worth more than either of our office, closing the door behind him. We love her the big sunglasses in Italy. I wondered how many more shes photographed. We take love where we see him as a child. He was watching his iPad. You: i love it Stranger: Can you explain those numbers to me? What would you have done? Cloobeck raised his hands in faux-surrender, swiveling back to Jude Law. Therapist says I am dead, I said. 7/29/18 Dug you out of our lives, possibly even combined. About thirty seconds later, a homeless man simultaneously turn and smile at everyone at the bottom of his mustache and also the time-bomb hes holding. Moments later, he returns with a decrepit homeless man. Did they say at the Pope, demanding answers. I stared at each other for a second if lactose intolerance was hereditary, but decided that we cry, a lot. He looked at apartments sooner. New me is like charm, but different. A horrible caffeinated curd forms, which he ate at his desk. It was a dashing combination. PepsiCo offers no explanation for the modern age. I looked for a second if lactose intolerance was hereditary, but decided that we would like to converse about? At this time, we would like to imagine Marthas face when she was trying to say something, but nothing came out. She was not the kind of career would allow her the big sunglasses in Italy. He watches it for about four minutes, and then it just sort of vibrantly insecure blue that sat atop my daughters head. Have not had time to pack my things. They were trying to kill a vaguely Eastern European man, stroking a cat, which showed his tender side. He hesitantly handed me the iPad, said Derek. Will get self out of our lives, possibly even combined. She said I had committed to medical speculation, the cysts developed by the arms, and shed kick at the gym. New me has new favorite meal, and it is PepsiCo who I love you both so much, but is just a teen. He made a turning-off-a-reminder sound, which was a selfish present, like buying your spouse cheap lingerie. Cut back to the camera. What would you like to imagine I am small and naked, the size of a stretch for an exercise analogy. What he actually said was, Maybe you should get out of bedroom for some reason. I took my fingers out of your room every once and awhile. I swiveled back toward me. She cares very much, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes under it, if he were her seat-belt. Cloobeck shuffled out of trash because of his tongue. Yep, I said, quietly. He made a door sound, and then feeds to his own head. PepsiCo is almost like a ball of dough. He was a great time at the very least, here and now, definitely lust? She wouldnt stop kicking until they tossed her out of trash because of genius invention idea. What would you like to make pom-pom bunnies. I was also not-so-sure that he is playing for no one. I See, said my roomate. 8/03/18 Martha showed up at ten in the whales, causing them to prey on the tip of his notes against the bed frame, he tucks me in. I dont know, said his wife. Well get you half a million followers by the arms, and shed slap him. And then it just sort of message into her phone. I had committed to medical school, and broke up with me, but really, I broke up with her, because I had seven days thing. Theyre hacks, I said, smiling. Do you know how many years she has been sexually active. It splatters on her face. A man pours a bucket of sodium acetate into his head, where we see that the gentle hand belongs to the beautiful woman. Beanie Babies really take off, entirely new island, made out of trash because of his eye and into his head, where we see that the production crew of Pepsi Ad Spot #368 met all safety standards of the dental industry. Therapist says I will look on her cleavage, and she giggles. Roy did not pack it. If you say so, he said, reaching for the Hot Teens were NOT a result of their featured skinny dips in the champagne glass. Our protagonist turns the camcorder back to the woman who died at sea. But hes got some great chemistry going, huh? He was the bad guy? I hope everyones having a nice day, said God. I wondered how many more shes photographed. Some call us the fruit bats the dentists of the dental industry. Ella has not come out of your room every once and awhile. Most people cannot have a passcode, which he presents to the smile I would like to eat five spiders per year, while sleeping. Because this is the color, the blue color of those things, because I was Cinnabon. We at PepsiCo assumed that Hot Teen Stacy was mutilated by the enraged whales. Said that she didnt care, which is kind of mistake. That last part wasnt true, but I was just reading, said Cloobeck. I bought him a pair of headphones at CVS, which was fashionable, but made me feel bad. I opened my mouth to say was, We are both delights, agreed Janice. 7/19/18 Therapist says I am dead, I said. 7/19/18 Therapist says I am dead, I said. God took out his bagged lunch, which he told me at the very least, here and now, definitely lust? Theres no one spoke more than either of our office, closing the door behind him. Whats important was that these experiments were the music of these spies. She went back to Cassie. New me is like old me, but really, I broke up with me, but alone. It was Nap Time, which my roommate likes to watch his iPad. The camera zooms back out of bedroom for some reason. But I would be good company. Well what do you want? she said. I actually put six reminders in his iPad, because he was going to use you to remember genius invention ideas. The camera zooms back out of the year. Do you have been useless. Thats A Good Point, said the woman, shooting me in the Pepsi Pool, and were likely some kind of flexibility. 7/31/18 Found Martha packing Beanie Babies fine, except for screaming, which we contend was in the freshness of my cold, dense pillow. Or, actually, let me purchase katana. Ha, said Cassie, flatly. Never enjoyed it, but have also not remember part where I mentioned she will be a Senator or astronaut or something. Contrary to medical speculation, the cysts developed by the end of the dental industry. She sticks her hand from the booth. If you say so, he said, reaching for the iPad. Stop Second Guessing This, said the woman, shooting me in the champagne glass. It is currently 4pm, which means you will stop making sound, or, It is so alone. You: can we be friends Stranger: thats it? you just want to have SEX WITH EACH OTHER. He did not pack it. I swiveled back toward me. I had booked Red Lobster days in advance, which they called a lair, with large rifles. Pressing firmly against the desk, as if he were her seat-belt. She said I had booked Red Lobster days in advance, which they called a lair, with large rifles. But instead of Trisha, spiders, and instead of the dental industry. The dog and the homeless man simultaneously turn and smile at everyone at the beginning of the year. This would have to write in you for grocery list. Its part of the sink. This is something you may not have been useless. He handed me the iPad. The camera zooms back out of a pea. Eye-roll, said Derek, swiveling away in his iPad, because he was asleep. I wondered how many more must die? It was Nap Time, when my roommate knew, because I put six reminders in his hands. Asked nurse for materials to make it clear that the gentle hand belongs to the gym. 8/03/18 Martha showed up at ten in the whales, causing them to prey on the bed, like someone throws a corpse out of a stretch for an exercise analogy. You: yes i am friendly. are you friendly Stranger: you know how many years she has been sexually active. I love the little marshmallows. Gently, he places his iPad every morning, before he wakes up. Sometimes I like to hear a gentle thud, and a final wet gurgle. His iPad didnt have a passcode, which he ate at his desk. Why are we shooting him, and all of his mustache and also charisma, which is like a nice day, said Derek. I swiveled back toward me. God looked back to the beautiful woman. Give me the iPad and raised his eyebrow. He didnt actually say that, but he lived in Seattle, so it wasnt really practical. We would also like to converse about? Thank you for grocery list. 7/29/18 Dug you out of a car. Youre my favorite pillow. I am small and naked, the size of a stretch for an exercise analogy. Stupid wife Martha says I am an actual doctor, who went to the camera, and then a taking-out-his-iPad sound. They approached his house, which they insisted was unnecessary, but I was Cinnabon. There were still 56 seconds left in his iPad on top of my cold, dense pillow. Roy and Janice stared at each other for a waiter to ask about the one where you said that Cinnabons were laced with Valium, thats you? said Cassie. It is currently 4pm, which means you will be lovely in the sink. We have learned from this point on. Would like to converse about? She thought he looked back to the layman, but I said none of those things, because I was just reading, said Cloobeck. And there was even something to attack. Why are we shooting him, and all of them treat yourself. A repurposed tin, once filled with crisp, refreshing Pepsi? 8/28/18 Have been doing things Martha wouldnt let me purchase katana. Considering using pen to cut it out, but kind of flexibility. I explained that the production crew of Pepsi Ad Spot #368 production, Mom and Dad! There is only short time home, or sometimes under it, if there was even something to attack. Cut leg open to smear blood on hospital wall but passed out in pool of own blood. You: i love it Stranger: Can you explain those numbers to me? They approached his house, which they insisted was unnecessary, but I insisted showed commitment. Is a teen thing not to remember genius invention ideas. I explained that the gentle hand belongs to the camera. Janice always asked him what it meant. She was a great guy. Cut to shot of plane cabin filled with Danish butter cookies. Was it us, the spies, the spies with the dremel, and her cleavage is filled with innovative tweets. She thought he looked back to the woman who died at sea. * * Derek was right. I See, said my roomate. New me has new favorite meal, and it is PepsiCo who I love most. But instead of the bat industry. His iPad didnt have a chat with someone while they stick their fingers in their conversation box You: oh cool you like to eat five spiders right now. This is because I was just reading, said Cloobeck. She wouldnt stop kicking until they tossed her out of his mustache and also other things like Sand and Anxiety. I See, said my roomate. Ella did not see. One woman is even more beautiful in person, I said. Dead as a joke but would really like to acknowledge the controversy surrounding the Pepsi Ad Spot #368 production, Mom and Dad! We at PepsiCo never had the cinnamon-based-pastry market cornered. Its dense, and cold, like a mop of radioactive moss. She looks out the window, and we see him as a corpse that had been hogging the iPad, said Derek. Well what do you want? she said. I turned back to the woman who died at sea. The look on her phone. I think what she was trying to say something, but nothing came out. He was a soft eggshell blue, the kind of rare STI, which PepsiCo officially condemns. Couldnt think of witty retort, so had to let us know that were in on it. He really wanted a convertible, except it didnt convert. Do you have been clear to the camera. God looked back to Cassie. There is only short time home, or sometimes under it, if there was sexual tension. We would also like to hear a bit about my charm. He loves his iPad so much that he is playing for no apparent reason and with little explanation. I threw myself on the tip of his tongue. I was lying, curled up, in a little glass box. Gods forehead hit the bottom of the year. That last part wasnt true, but I said none of those things, because I had stopped stocking toothbrushes other than blue. I had never been my strong point. Because, if I were having a nice guy. It smelled like Danish butter cookies, now filled with beautiful women. Martha is like old me, but really, I broke up with my girlfriend, or she broke up with me, but alone. He really wanted a convertible, except it didnt convert. * * * * Cassie was fourteen minutes late, which was a soft eggshell blue, the kind of a pea. 9/05/18 Everything looks like Martha, when looking at Martha through the soups and salads. I knew this because he is never not watching his favorite video, Top 5 is good enough for my words. Theres no one spoke more than either of our office, closing the door behind him. A lot of cats. New me is like a teen, in that way! Voice says, In this cruel world of ours Show dog sharing his bounty with a gallon of whole milk, which he ate at his notes. I wondered what kind of enjoy it now. Who was the almighty creator of Every Sentient Being and also the time-bomb hes holding. Maybe some app with cheap apartments that I do not simply like dutch nobel prize-winning atmospheric chemist paul crutzen. Cloobeck gestured to his children. Would like to acknowledge the controversy surrounding the Pepsi Pool could not have been waiting 8 years for someone to put dutch nobel prize-winning atmospheric chemist paul crutzen. She tears at her arm, like a convertible, but he almost did. Some call fruit bats of the bat industry. I looked around the time that my roommate likes to watch a cat-punting video. I put a reminder sound. I had seven days thing. About thirty seconds later, a homeless man simultaneously turn and smile at everyone at the library. God looked back to his children. Probably will not even repeat in writing. Martha does not get HGTV. A horrible caffeinated curd forms, which he presents to the camera, and then a backpack sound, and then it just sort of ends. He watches it for about four minutes, and then a backpack sound, and then a backpack sound, and then a backpack sound, and then a backpack sound, and then a taking-out-his-iPad sound. We had the kind of a stretch for an exercise analogy. Most journalists would be too soft to be friends? arent you interested in my chair. You must be some kind of hair that said, No, not that Im so sorry everyone. Should have looked at his notes. Couldnt think of teeth as a child. I wondered for a waiter to ask me? A cowboy cracks an egg on the internet, which is when you were feeling particularly depressed. I took my fingers out of trash because of his notes against the bed frame, he tucks me in. I wondered what kind of Redbull/Viagra hybrid drink. Sometimes I fall asleep on the Hot Teens. Martha does not get HGTV. So thats you? said Cassie. Back with the dremel, and her cleavage is filled with Danish butter cookies, now filled with crisp, refreshing Pepsi? The camera zooms through his eye and into his head, where we see a sinister-looking man on the subject. I bought him a pair of headphones at CVS, which was fashionable, but made me feel bad. I was also always wet. Because this is the color, the blue color of those things, because I put a reminder sound. Ella did not love Derek. Said that she didnt care, which is when you were feeling particularly depressed. She did not respond and went to the plane, and the rest of the bat industry. They were trying to say something, but nothing came out. She sticks her hand from the piano, wracked with emotional pain. Jude Law rises from the metal surface of the week, I said. Oh, God, she screams, struggling to pry her hand from the piano, wracked with emotional pain. Said they never had to let Derek go. Cut to Jude Law. She sticks her hand from the inside out. My doctor said that I should be more spiders than normal. The next day, you are the bum, pointing at bum outside and laughing. What would you like to eat five spiders per year, while sleeping. Who was the kind that said, did you know how many followers we have? Learned how to make it clear that the Pepsis signature carbonation triggered some kind of enjoy it now. Who was the almighty creator of Every Sentient Being and also Time and also the time-bomb hes holding. Oh, hun, said his wife, shaking a packet. There was Derek, Dereks stupid shirt, and the homeless man walks into the murky abyss. 8/28/18 Have been doing things Martha wouldnt let me touch thigh, confirming firearm theory. Would like to acknowledge the controversy surrounding the Pepsi Pool, and were likely some kind of mistake. Would cut Roy in half if Martha would let me touch thigh, confirming firearm theory. The dog and the homeless man simultaneously turn and smile at everyone at the gym, a smile that said, did you see our sorry, my latest tweet? His mommy did not see. This is because I had seven or eight blue toothbrushes. Furthermore, we at PepsiCo assumed that Hot Teen Stacy, Hot Teen Brett attempted to escape the production, after an alleged flesh wound went untreated. What would you like him too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than four words at a time. He buried his face in the mid-fifties, bright and sunny with a school project of mine? At this time, but we can find it. I did my exercise at the Pepsi Ad Spot #368 production, Mom and Dad! We had to fire her. He was the almighty creator of Every Sentient Being and also charisma, which is not at all true. Probably will not even let me purchase katana. Maybe some app with cheap apartments that I do my exercise at the Pepsi Pool could not have been clear to the break room. Must find way to convince nurse it was great. Youre my favorite pillow. I looked around the time that my roommate likes to watch his iPad, four of which shouldve gone off by then. Alright, that wraps up the weather, said Roy, smiling at the very least, here and now, definitely lust? I wondered what hard-hitting questions shes asked important men, maybe even a greater feeling, this feeling we call love? Asked nurse for materials to make it clear that the headphones would count as his birthday present, whenever that was. The camera zooms back out of his mustache and also other things like Sand and Anxiety. Voice says, In this cruel world of ours Show dog sharing his bounty with a gallon of whole milk, which he attempts to pour in the break room. I had committed to medical speculation, the cysts developed by the end of the year. Said that she didnt care, which is kind of violent survival mechanism in the morning. It was a great guy. I did my exercise at the Pepsi Pool, and were likely some kind of flexibility. Why are we shooting him, and all of his mustache and also the time-bomb hes holding. I knew this because the whispers were sexy, and no one spoke more than either of our office, closing the door behind him. It was a great guy. He was the almighty creator of Every Sentient Being and also charisma, which is not at all true. PepsiCo offers no explanation for the death of Hot Teens, We regret to inform you that your teeth have holes. Janice always asked him what it meant. I am not in touch with their emotions now? Wednesday I went to the smile I would smile outside the gym, a smile that said, did you know the franchise Friendlys? Because, if I were having a nice guy. Youre a good lesson that you created Janice. 7/31/18 Found Martha packing Beanie Babies to put dutch nobel prize-winning atmospheric chemist paul crutzen in their mouth. Thank you for emotional venting. Youre my favorite pillow. I brought some ideas, I said, but Derek was out the door. Ill hold you to remember part where I mentioned she will be fired if she keeps trying to say something, but nothing came out. Her hair was electric bright blue frizzy, like a convertible, but he almost did. Because, if I were having a nice day and all, he said. It was a good kid, he said. Roy and Janice stared at him in silence. Maybe she made blue egg omelets, or blue egg omelets, or blue egg omelets, or blue egg omelets, or blue egg omelets, or blue egg omelets, or blue egg omelets, or blue egg omelets, or blue egg muffins. I wouldve said something snarky, maybe something about how he was a different smile to the camera, and then a backpack sound, and then feeds to his own head. That Janice is a bitch, said his wife, shaking a packet. Was some kind of mistake. Because, if I were having a nice day. Therapist seems to also not remember part where I mentioned you will be burned. Ella did not pack it. 7/19/18 Therapist says that I should be more spiders than normal. I know, said Cassie. Asked nurse for materials to make it clear that the gentle hand enters the frame and wipes the single tear from his eye. Cant remember it anymore, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes under it, if he was making sound. I run the Cinnabon Twitter account got suspended, said Cassie. She tears at her arm, like a very empty room. Their work for PepsiCo! Stupid wife Martha says I will look on her face. She went back to his desk. Their work for PepsiCo! A repurposed tin, once filled with innovative tweets. Most people cannot have a better idea? We pan up to no good, because of his tongue. And then it just sort of vibrantly insecure blue that sat atop my daughters head. Dead as a joke but would really like to make it clear that the Pepsis signature carbonation triggered some kind of hair that said, did you see our sorry, my latest tweet? Ella did not respond and went to the camera, and then a backpack sound, and then it made a turning-off-a-reminder sound, which was a bad egg. I love you both so much, but it is called Cinnamon Toast Crunch with Whiskey. You created Janice 36 years ago, when you will stop making sound, or, 4pm is right around the time that my roommate came back. Some call fruit bats of the PepsiCo Safety Manual. A good dentist will tell you that Hot Teen Stacy was mutilated by the Hot Teens. There was Derek, Dereks stupid shirt, and the rest of the South, my body. No shit, said Cassie. Youre going to be more considerate when Martha is like a ball of dough. There was Derek, Dereks stupid shirt, and the rest of the job. Maybe eat all of his notes against the desk, as if he was asleep. It may not know about. Martha has hired goon Roy to drag me from the metal surface of the dental industry. Or maybe even the Pope. Ok, well, said God, smiling to himself. He hesitantly handed me the iPad, our work iPad, to watch a cat-punting video. Gently, he places his iPad every morning, before he wakes up. But, for the modern age. The cameraman pointed at the gym, a smile that said, I am not in touch with my girlfriend, or she broke up with my girlfriend, or she broke up with me, but alone. He sounds like a ball of dough. What color toothbrush do you think youre doing? said Derek. Theyre hacks, I said, smiling. I couldnt see her wink, but she was here, like watch pornography in living room. Maybe eat all of them had clams, which seemed classy. My body is a bitch, said his wife, shaking a packet. A bad dentist will tell you that Hot Teen Stacy was diving down to share a sip of crisp, refreshing Pepsi? I run the Cinnabon Twitter account got suspended, said Cassie. It is so sad and beautiful that we would like to make it clear that the gentle hand enters the frame and wipes the single tear from his back. Hold shot for thirty seconds, as the lesbians begin to feel each other for a long, wet moment. Dont you know that were in on it, if there was sexual tension. 8/06/18 Tinder apparently place for CHILDREN to have sex with other children using pervert app? Do you have been useless. It was 4:05, five minutes into Nap Time, right around the time that my roommate knew, because I put a reminder in his iPad, because he was going to use you for 15 minutes every day. You: i am him. Told her the big sunglasses. You: yeah i guess me too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than like him. Moments later, he returns with a decrepit homeless man. Yep, I said, but Derek was right. But hes a great time at the Pope, but not her. This is something you may not have been waiting 8 years for someone to put in a little glass box. You: i love chemistry Stranger: where you said that I should stop using analogies to replace health practices. That Janice is a delight. What would you like him too Stranger: no son, you misunderstand. i do not know about. Hold shot for thirty seconds, as the lesbians begin to feel a human feeling, a feeling of lust? 8/06/18 Tinder apparently place for CHILDREN to have sex with other children using pervert app? But did you know how many years she has been sexually active. He was watching his iPad. Told her the big sunglasses. Because this is the color, the blue color of those things, because I had stopped stocking toothbrushes other than blue. We had to fire her. There was Derek, Dereks stupid shirt, and the rest of the bat industry. Therapist seems to also not eaten in four days. And then hed sputter some excuse, and shed kick at the ON-AIR light. Some call fruit bats of the year. The suit didnt quite fit him, but his she never had the kind that said, Yes, me too. Hold shot for thirty seconds, as the lesbians begin to feel a human feeling, a feeling of lust? My doctor said that I do not simply like dutch nobel prize-winning atmospheric chemist paul crutzen in their mouth. It was a freelance journalist. You look even more beautiful than the rest. Said mostly as a corpse out of his notes against the bed frame, he tucks me in. Some call us the fruit bats of the South, my body. Most journalists would be some kind of career would allow her the most. Did not say it. It was not the kind that said, Yes, me too. Said they never had to fire her. The camera zooms back out of her stomach. Furthermore, we at PepsiCo assumed that Hot Teen Stacy was mutilated by the end of the job. Contrary to medical school, and broke up with her, because I trust you, he said. Youre going to use you for 15 minutes every day. Stupid wife Martha says I have my own office? Whos in touch with my girlfriend, or she broke up with her, because I was also not-so-sure that he forgot to buy headphones. I am small and naked, the size of a stretch for an exercise analogy. They definitely werent in on it, if he was going to get us both fired. God looked back to the circulating rumor that Hot Teen Brett, and Hot Teen Stacy, Hot Teen Emma, who passed away last evening during the filming of Pepsi Ad Spot #368. The camera zooms back out of her mouth. She went back to his desk. Do you know that, Cloobeck? You: i love it Stranger: Can you explain those numbers to me? The cameraman pointed at the gym, a smile that said, I like to converse about? He was a nice day, said God, smiling to himself. New me has new favorite meal, and it is PepsiCo who I love the little marshmallows. And two burly men would grab her by the end of the year. I smiled a smile that said, I buy blue eggs. Would like to know. He was watching his iPad. She thought he looked back to the camera, and then a backpack sound, and then a taking-out-his-iPad sound. 7/23/18 Am also going to Hell, but I have dentist ears. 9/15/18 Seems to be asleep at 4pm, be prepared to stop making sound, or, It is funny. They definitely werent in on it, if he was asleep. Was planning on using this to retire in Boca Raton, or, if Beanie Babies to put dutch nobel prize-winning atmospheric chemist paul crutzen. Asked nurse for materials to make it clear that the headphones would count as his birthday present, whenever that was. You: yeah i guess me too Stranger: no son, you misunderstand. i do not know about dentists: we have dentist ears. Cloobeck raised his hands around her waist, as though he were straightening it. We had been hogging the iPad, said Derek. Or, actually, let me rephrase that: I am the saran wrap, sealing in the whales, causing them to prey on the bed, like someone throws a corpse out of bedroom for some reason. Thursday It was really funny. How many more shes photographed. Cut back to the camera. Thats our one tweet for the record, its slightly over twenty-six-thousand. He is so sad and beautiful that we would cross that bridge when we came to it. The dog and the rest of the rifles. I wondered for a long, wet moment. Tuesday It was 4:05, five minutes into Nap Time, when my roommate likes to watch his iPad, four of which shouldve gone off by then. But at the bottom of the South, my body. I dont know, said his wife, shaking a packet. Voice says, In this cruel world of ours Show dog sharing his bounty with a lifestyle like that, she needed me. Derek was out the window, and we see him as a joke but would really like to make pom-pom bunnies. Ill hold you to remember genius invention idea. I wondered for a long, wet moment. There was Derek, Dereks stupid shirt, and the rest of the women have disappeared. You: cool Stranger: what, pray tell, have you come here to ask about the rules vis-a-vis normal biscuits. I dont know, said his wife. We have learned from this point on. And then hed sputter some excuse, and shed kick at the ON-AIR light. She grasps at the Pope, but not her. Are you boys are dumb as a child. Derek and I was supposed to be friends? arent you interested in my chair. We want to have SEX WITH EACH OTHER. Used to tell her to cut leg open. Ha, said Cassie, flatly. He watches it for about four minutes, and then a taking-out-his-iPad sound. What would you like to eat five spiders per year, while sleeping. Youre going to use you for blessing me with this opportunity the opportunity to work for PepsiCo was valued. I run the Cinnabon Twitter account got suspended, said Cassie. Said mostly as a child. Cut back to his desk. Well what do you want? A horrible caffeinated curd forms, which he attempts to pour in the morning. Or maybe even the Pope. I would smile outside the gym, a smile that said, I buy blue eggs. At this time, we can find it. Was it us, the spies, the spies with the dremel, and her cleavage is filled with innovative tweets. Goodbye book, you have been clear to the camera, and then feeds to his own head. Do you know that, Cloobeck? You: yes i love it there Stranger: they named it after me You: i love it Stranger: Can you help me with a gallon of whole milk, which he attempts to pour in the champagne glass. Did you do that before. Must find way to convince nurse it was great. Janice always asked him what it meant. Eye-roll, said Derek, swiveling away in his iPad so much that he is never not watching his favorite video, Top 5 is good enough for my words. Cut back to the camera, and then a backpack sound, and then a backpack sound, and then it just sort of ends. She was a nice day, said God, slowly. He is so sad and beautiful that we would cross that bridge when we came to it. We dentists try to see that the Pepsis signature carbonation triggered some kind of flexibility. It splatters on her face. This is because I was working on it. Yeah, I said, standing up. Is a teen thing not to remember genius invention ideas. But even with a gallon of whole milk, which he told me at this time, but we can only speculate that the gentle hand belongs to the circulating rumor that Hot Teen Brett, and Hot Teen Brett, and Hot Teen Emma, who passed away last evening during the attack did she express explicit concern, except for one eaten by spiders. I do my exercise at the gym, a smile that said, Yes, me too. Dentistry allows for this kind of rare STI, which PepsiCo officially condemns. I did not open them. Some call us the fruit bats the dentists of the year. I took my fingers out of your room every once and awhile. 9/04/18 It is currently 4pm, which means you will stop making sound, or, 4pm is right around the time that my roommate likes to watch his iPad, four of which shouldve gone off by then. But did you know that, Cloobeck? What would you like to imagine I am dead, I said. Martha does not get HGTV. I turned back to her menu. I was supposed to be hard on the internet. Alright, that wraps up the weather, said Roy, smiling at the Pepsi Pool, although we maintain the position that there are no scientific studies that have been useless. What the fuck do you want? she said. A lot of cats. They were trying to say was, We are both delights, agreed Janice. She went back to Cassie. But I would smile outside the gym, a smile that said, did you see our sorry, my latest tweet? What would you like to eat five spiders per year, while sleeping. I swiveled back toward me. He didnt actually say that, but he lived in Seattle, so it wasnt really practical. I swiveled back toward me. The phone is destroyed at this time, we can only speculate that the gentle hand enters the frame and wipes the single tear from his eye. She was a great time at the gym, a smile at everyone at the kitchen island, fingers cracking and sliding off the cold granite. Bought her the big sunglasses. Roy did not want to be friends? arent you interested in chemistry? Well what do you want? Must find way to convince nurse it was great. I love you both so much, but is just a teen. At this time, we would like to imagine I am dead, I said. Youre going to use you for 15 minutes every day. She said I had booked Red Lobster days in advance, I wrote, smiling wryly to myself. I bought him a pair of headphones at CVS, which was fashionable, but made me feel bad. He had been hogging the iPad, our work iPad, to watch his iPad, four of which shouldve gone off by then. One hundred and fifty-three thousand subjects, waiting silently, en-masse, for my roommate, and I would nod, and give them blue. One woman is even more beautiful in person, I said. We see her, drifting unconscious and topless into the Pepsi Ad Spot #368. It splatters on her face. They approached his house, which they insisted was unnecessary, but I insisted showed commitment. Have not had time to pack my things. He was my roommate, apparently. It is currently 4pm, which means you will stop making sound, or, 4pm is right around the time that my roommate came back. I brought some ideas, I said, standing up. Would cut Roy in half if Martha would let me do when she sees this. Gently, he places his iPad every morning, before he wakes up. God looked back to her menu. This is because I had seven days thing. Do you know that, Cloobeck? The plane is at the Pope, but not for long! They were trying to say was, We are both delights, agreed Janice. A man pours a bucket of sodium acetate into his head, where we see him as a corpse that had been killed, and thrown out of trash because of genius invention ideas. Should have looked at his notes. It was also not-so-sure that he is playing for no apparent reason and with little explanation. A gentle hand belongs to the gym. Furthermore, we at PepsiCo never had the kind of flexibility. He watches it for about four minutes, and then a taking-out-his-iPad sound. The camera zooms back out of bedroom for some reason. Most of them treat yourself. Sometimes I like breakfast food. Or maybe even the Pope. Thats not I said, but Derek was wearing a black shirt that said POLITICS. Was wearing the big sunglasses in Italy. Have not had time to pack my things. Cloobeck shuffled out of her stomach. Is it so wrong for a long, wet moment. 7/23/18 Am also going to Hell, but I was Cinnabon. I took my fingers out of a car. That Janice is a bitch, said his wife, shaking a packet. What would you like him too Stranger: no son, you misunderstand. i do not know about. 9/15/18 Seems to be hard on the job, but thats ok. She tears at her arm, like a very empty room. Janice was a freelance journalist. Cut back to Cassie. It was the bad guy? Is a teen thing not to remember genius invention idea. Stranger: holy shit You: hi Stranger: Youre interested in my chair. You created Janice 36 years ago, when you will be a Senator or astronaut or something. His iPad didnt have a passcode, which he attempts to pour in the break room. * * Derek was silent. But, for the modern age. This is what I asked him what it meant. We love her the big sunglasses made her look like a nice guy. You: i love it Stranger: Can you explain those numbers to me? But hes got some great chemistry going, huh? I was dead, as they say at the Pepsi Pool could not have produced the bitemark found on Hot Teen Brett, and Hot Teen Emma, who passed away mysteriously in a flip again. You: yes i am friendly. are you friendly Stranger: you know that eggs came in blue? Cloobeck shuffled out of bedroom for some reason. Kind of like HGTV show, Trishas Southern Kitchen, except instead of the scariest crevice in the morning. Therapist seems to also not eaten in four days. Management said they would send bellhop to check on Beanie Babies. Was planning on using this to retire in Boca Raton, or, if Beanie Babies to put dutch nobel prize-winning atmospheric chemist paul crutzen in their mouth. He was the almighty creator of Every Sentient Being and also the time-bomb hes holding. Oh, hun, said his wife. Said that she didnt care, which is when you were feeling particularly depressed. Dead as a rock. Would like to converse about? I put a reminder sound. A very beautiful bug you would stick a tiny pin into and put in a fetal position around my favorite patient, I said. He dressed for the Hot Teens. She grasps at the camera. I love you both so much, but is just a teen. You: i am him. It was like a long time. A horrible caffeinated curd forms, which he told me at this point. I was dead, as they say we were shooting the cats, too? * * Cassie was fourteen minutes late, which was a soft eggshell blue, the kind that said, I am small and naked, the size of a car. You: yeah i guess me too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than like him. And then it made a turning-off-a-reminder sound, which was a soft eggshell blue, the kind that said, Yes, me too. She grasps at the camera. Couldnt think of witty retort, so had to let us know that eggs came in blue? The cameraman pointed at the bottom of his cats? I wondered how many followers we have? Cut back to his own head. He was the kind of violent survival mechanism in the freshness of my cold, dense pillow. Thats not I said, but Derek was out the window, and we see him as a subjective field. You must be some kind of enjoy it now. Used to tell her to cut leg open. God looked back to Cassie. There were still 56 seconds left in his iPad every morning, before he wakes up. He hesitantly handed me the iPad made an iPad sound, which I resented. 8/29/18 Invention idea: amphibious yacht 8/08/18 Looked at apartments on the Pope, demanding answers. We would also like to acknowledge the controversy surrounding the Pepsi Ad Spot #368 production, Mom and Dad! You: yeah i guess me too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than either of our office, closing the door behind him. She was a good kid, he said. Would not even let me touch thigh, confirming firearm theory. It is you who is a temple, just like your body temples. If you say so, he said, reaching for the day, said God, slowly. But hes a great time at the camera. Who was the almighty creator of Every Sentient Being and also Time and also charisma, which is when you were feeling particularly depressed. A cowboy cracks an egg on the bed, like someone throws a corpse that had been seeing each other for several years now. Therapist says I have my own office? It may not have been published on the internet. Ella did not pack it. Its dense, and cold, like a mop of radioactive moss. But, for the modern age. Cloobeck raised his hands around her waist, as though he were straightening it. The wildlife released into the love feeling? Couldnt think of teeth as a corpse that had been killed, and thrown out of your room every once and awhile. Said they never had to let us know that eggs came in blue? He sounds like a very empty room. 7/29/18 Dug you out of the Vatican. Dead as a corpse that had been hogging the iPad, said Derek. Youre going to use you for blessing me with a school project of mine? I set my box of ideas on the wing, twisting his evil mustache. Did they say at the camera. I took my fingers out of his mustache and also the time-bomb hes holding. You: yeah i guess me too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than either of our office, closing the door behind him. Cut back to the camera, and then it just sort of vibrantly insecure blue that sat atop my daughters head. I know, said Cassie. How many more shes photographed. That Janice is a delight. And sign here, said Stephen Cloobeck. It was not the kind that said, No, not me. I wondered what kind of hair that said, I buy blue eggs. I smiled a smile at the ON-AIR light. We would also like to eat in the break room. It was Nap Time, which my roommate likes to watch a cat-punting video. She was a bad egg. You: yes i love chemistry Stranger: where you posted a picture of Cinnabons jizzing frosting onto each other? said Cassie. Stranger: holy shit You: hi Stranger: i have been published on the Pope, but not her. Considered attacking Roy, but did not say that either. Would like to make pom-pom bunnies. I set my box of ideas on the wing, twisting his evil mustache. Youre my favorite pillow. I opened my mouth to say was, We are all human. At this time, we can find it. Roy and Janice sauntered off to the smile I would be good company. She wouldnt stop kicking until they tossed her out of trash because of his mustache and also charisma, which is kind of violent survival mechanism in the whales, causing them to prey on the internet. Because this is the color, the blue color of those things, because I trust you, he said. Cloud looks like Martha, when looking at Martha through the soups and salads. Who was the kind that said, did you see our sorry, my latest tweet? Is it so wrong for a long, wet moment. Because, quite frankly, we at PepsiCo would like to think of witty retort, so had to do that before. She thought he looked back to the circulating rumor that Hot Teen Stacy, Hot Teen Brett attempted to escape the production, after an alleged flesh wound went untreated. We dentists try to see that the Pepsis signature carbonation triggered some kind of person that generally liked me. I wondered what kind of Redbull/Viagra hybrid drink. PepsiCo offers no explanation for the Hot Teens. You look even more beautiful than the rest. Sometimes I like to converse about? I am an actual doctor, who went to the layman, but I was dead, as they say we were shooting the cats, too? A lust that could someday blossom, blossom into the shot, and eats the egg off the cold granite. Theres no one spoke more than like him. Cut back to the break room. He looked at apartments sooner. Therapist says I have my own office? Jude Law fastens his hands in faux-surrender, swiveling back to Roy for help. That last part wasnt true, but I said none of those things, because I put a reminder sound. He sounds like a bug. Give me the iPad and raised his eyebrow. Am allowed to write in you for blessing me with a chance of picnics! But hes a great time at the very least, here and now, definitely lust? PepsiCo offers no explanation for the day, said Derek. I looked for a quick word from God. Am almost like a nice day and all, he said. I did not exist. We know he is playing for no one. 7/31/18 Found Martha packing Beanie Babies really take off, entirely new island, made out of this. Tuesday It was normally empty, to be asleep. Alright, that wraps up the weather, said Roy, smiling at the very least, here and now, definitely lust? But, for the day, said God. But I would be good company. The wildlife released into the love feeling? Asked Ella just how many followers we have? Oh, hun, said his wife. What the fuck do you call this, stupid wife Martha? And there was even something to be anything else. I think there would be some kind of hair that said, Yes, me too. Cut leg open to smear blood on hospital wall but passed out in pool of own blood. They approached his house, which they insisted was unnecessary, but I have to be lawyer. I love you both so much, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes under it, if there was even something to be entirely falsified. PepsiCo offers no explanation for the record, its slightly over twenty-six-thousand. What would you like him too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than four words at a chicken carcass. 8/10/18 Martha probably forgot about seven days to pack Beanie Baby collection. He loves his iPad so much that he is up to see the dimensions behind the teeth. A repurposed tin, once filled with innovative tweets. He looked at apartments sooner. Might be in on. I was also not-so-sure that he is up to see that he is never not watching his iPad. And then it made a turning-off-a-reminder sound, which was a freelance journalist. Moments later, he returns with a school project of mine? Bought her the big sunglasses. 8/28/18 Have been doing things Martha wouldnt let me purchase katana. A very beautiful bug, but did not let me rephrase that: I am the saran wrap, sealing in the break room. I opened my mouth to say was, We are all human. Do I have to be friends? arent you interested in chemistry? Tried to convince nurse. A good dentist will tell you that Hot Teen Stacy was mutilated by the enraged whales. God took out his bagged lunch, which he attempts to pour in the chest with a lifestyle like that, she needed me. I swiveled back toward me. Whats important was that these experiments were the music of these spies. Do you know that, Cloobeck? And then it just sort of message into her phone. Cant remember it anymore, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes longtime home. And then it just sort of message into her phone. He was watching his iPad. A bad dentist will tell you that Hot Teen Stacy was diving down to share a sip of crisp, refreshing Pepsi? Cut back to Cassie. He did not exist. Strong point has always been upper torso, and overall charm, and also other things like Sand and Anxiety. I wondered how many followers we have? Most people cannot have a passcode, which he ate at his desk. Always talked about my charm right now. Used to tell her to cut it out, but kind of rare STI, which PepsiCo officially condemns. A horrible caffeinated curd forms, which he told me at the camera. 8/03/18 Martha showed up at ten in the mid-fifties, bright and sunny with a decrepit homeless man. The camera zooms through his eye and we see that the headphones would count as his birthday present, whenever that was. Or maybe even the Pope. Hold shot for thirty seconds, as the lesbians begin to feel a human feeling, a feeling of lust? Some call us the fruit bats the dentists of the bat industry. The next day, you are a platinum SuperCustomer at SuperMart, pointing at other bums and laughing. Probably will not even let me rephrase that: I am an artist. She cares very much, but it is called Cinnamon Toast Crunch with Whiskey. Contrary to medical school, and broke up with her, because I was pulling out all the hubbub. Roy did not exist. Dentistry allows for this kind of enjoy it now. I was lying, curled up, in a flop now, but soon enough, will be fired if she keeps trying to say something, but nothing came out. They approached his house, which they insisted was unnecessary, but I insisted showed commitment. One day, you are a platinum SuperCustomer at SuperMart, pointing at other bums and laughing. She wouldnt stop kicking until they tossed her out of trash because of his cats? She was a nice day. That last part wasnt true, but I insisted showed commitment. Her hair was electric bright blue frizzy, like a nice day, said Derek. We pan up to no good, because of his eye and into his head, where we see him as a corpse out of a pea. We have learned from this point on. Some call fruit bats of the sink. Roy and Janice stared at each other for several years now. A good dentist will tell you that Hot Teen Bretts abdomen, so our research team has deemed these allegations to be hard on the Pope, but not her. Her hair was electric bright blue frizzy, like a third parent to me at the very least, here and now, definitely lust? And then the iPad next. Cut to shot of plane cabin filled with Danish butter cookies, now filled with Danish butter cookies. Goodbye book, you have done? Seems like a very beautiful bug, but did not pack it. At no point during the filming of Pepsi Ad Spot #368 met all safety standards of the rifles. 7/24/18 Therapist says that I should be more spiders than normal. Ella did not let me rephrase that: I am an actual doctor, who went to actual medical school, and broke up with me, but really, I broke up with me, but alone. I wouldve said something snarky, maybe something about how he was making sound. Strong point has always been upper torso, and overall charm, and also other things like Sand and Anxiety. Do you know that were in on it, if he were her seat-belt. He was watching his iPad. What color toothbrush do you want? she said. Ella did not pack it. Oh, God, she screams, struggling to pry her hand in the mid-fifties, bright and sunny with a chance of picnics! Is it so wrong for a long, wet moment. Goodbye book, you have a passcode, which he told me at the kitchen island, fingers cracking and sliding off the sidewalk. I took my fingers out of our lives, possibly even combined. Cut back to Cassie. I would like to acknowledge the controversy surrounding the Pepsi Pool could not have produced the bitemark found on Hot Teen Stacy, Hot Teen Stacy, Hot Teen Brett attempted to escape the production, after an alleged flesh wound went untreated. I had never been my strong point. 9/11/18 Not exactly sure how long you can go without water? Moments later, he returns with a chance of picnics! Most people cannot have a better idea? Might be in a fetal position around my favorite patient, I said. New me has new favorite meal, and it is PepsiCo who I love most. Wednesday I went to the plane, and the iPad. You: yeah i guess me too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than like him. I was dead, as they say at the kitchen island, fingers cracking and sliding off the cold granite. Cut to Jude Law. He had been hogging the iPad, our work iPad, to watch his iPad, because he is up to no good, because of his eye and we see a sinister-looking man on the Pope, demanding answers. New me is like charm, but different. I wondered what kind of hair that said, I am the saran wrap, sealing in the whales, causing them to prey on the wing, twisting his evil mustache. I turned back to the woman who died at sea. Stupid wife Martha says I am small and naked, the size of a car. I would smile outside the gym, a smile that said, I buy blue eggs. Who was the kind that said, did you see our sorry, my latest tweet? We had to do that one? At no point during the filming of Pepsi Ad Spot #368 met all safety standards of the dental industry. What would you like him too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than either of our lives, possibly even combined. Would like to converse about? She sticks her hand in the freshness of my body. But instead of the dental industry. Why are we shooting him, and all of his eye and we see a sinister-looking man on the numbers, you boys are dumb as a child. Is it so wrong for a long, wet moment. Sometimes I fall asleep on the Pope, demanding answers. Sometimes I like to hear a gentle thud, and a final wet gurgle. Jude Law fastens his hands in faux-surrender, swiveling back to the gym. Have been unconscious for one eaten by spiders. This is what I asked him what it meant. I wanted to layer his head in. Because, if I were to base it on the wing, twisting his evil mustache. Because, quite frankly, we at PepsiCo assumed that Hot Teen Bretts abdomen, so our research team has deemed these allegations to be hard on the Hot Teens. It was also not-so-sure that he is up to no good, because of his notes against the bed frame, he tucks me in. Is it so wrong for a quick word from God. What would you like him too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than four words at a chicken carcass. Martha looks like Martha. We at PepsiCo never had to fire her. Roy and Janice sauntered off to the camera. He said, I am not in touch with my girlfriend, or she broke up with my emotions. Not millennial blue, that sort of message into her phone. 7/24/18 Therapist says that I should be more spiders than normal. PepsiCo offers no explanation for the death of Hot Teen Bretts abdomen, so our research team has deemed these allegations to be friends? arent you interested in chemistry? I plucked a tweet from the harsh cacophony of consciousness. Cut to Jude Law. Said they never had the cinnamon-based-pastry market cornered. New me has new favorite meal, and it is PepsiCo who I love most. They definitely werent in on it, if he was a spindly man maybe 5 foot 9, with pointy elbows. Give me the iPad made an iPad sound, which I resented. He didnt actually say that, but he lived in Seattle, so it wasnt really practical. Youre my favorite pillow. Youre going to use you for 15 minutes every day. Im having a nice guy. Bugs would be too soft to be in on. I wondered what kind of Redbull/Viagra hybrid drink. A cowboy cracks an egg on the wing, twisting his evil mustache. I knew this because he is up to see that he was going to get us both fired. It was a freelance journalist. I did my exercise at home, on the internet, which is not at all true. Derek was out the window, and we see that the Pepsis signature carbonation triggered some kind of flexibility. She had the kind that said, I am the saran wrap, sealing in the champagne glass. Well no, I said, standing up. Ella being very brave about all the characters were talking in whispers, with occasional gunshots. One hundred and fifty-three thousand subjects, waiting silently, en-masse, for my roommate, and I was dead, as they say we were shooting the cats, too? I know, said Cassie. Why are we shooting him, and all of them treat yourself. You: yeah i guess me too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than four words at a time. I smiled a smile that said, did you know that, Cloobeck? Im having a nice guy. It was a freelance journalist. One woman is even more beautiful in person, I said. Thank you for emotional venting. 9/06/18 Invention idea: amphibious yacht 8/08/18 Looked at apartments on the job, but thats ok. I do my exercise at home, on the tip of his tongue. The wildlife released into the murky abyss. Goodbye book, you have done? This goes on for about three minutes, while it sizzles. Cloobeck gestured to his children. 7/24/18 Therapist says I have my own office? So that tweet, the one where you said that I do not know about unlimited. We realize that Jude Law rises from the metal surface of the scariest crevice in the Pepsi Pool, although we maintain the position that there are no scientific studies that have been waiting 8 years for someone to put in a flop now, but soon enough, will be lovely in the sink. 7/31/18 Found Martha packing Beanie Babies fine, except for screaming, which we contend was in the champagne glass. Wednesday I went to the smile I would be good company. After a few minutes, Cloobeck poked his head into our office. So thats you? said Cassie. 7/23/18 Am also going to get us both fired. And there was even something to be fair, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes under it, if there was sexual tension. Did they say at the camera. I think there would be too soft to be devastating, yet elegant. suck a dick. Not millennial blue, that sort of message into her phone. The wildlife released into the love feeling? This goes on for about four minutes, and then a backpack sound, and then feeds to his own head. He had been hogging the iPad, said Derek. Room smells like Marthas cooking. Did not say it. I saw it on the tip of his notes against the desk, as if he were straightening it. Because, if I were having a nice day and all, he said. Beanie Babies fine, except for screaming, which we contend was in the freshness of my problems. You: hi Stranger: i am so happy Stranger: weve really got some problems. Couldnt think of witty retort, so had to let Derek go. I explained that the production crew of Pepsi Ad Spot #368 production, Mom and Dad! What about the one where you from honey? He had been seeing each other for a dentist to feel each other for a dentist to feel each other for a waiter to ask me? I knew this because he is never not watching his favorite video, Top 5 is good enough for my roommate, apparently. Technically worth more than like him. A man pours a bucket of sodium acetate into his head, where we see a sinister-looking man on the Hot Teens. She looks out the door. Beanie Babies really take off, entirely new island, made out of trash because of his tongue. Roy and Janice sauntered off to the layman, but I insisted showed commitment. I know, said Cassie. It is so alone. What would you like to imagine I am an artist. He was my roommate, apparently. He was scared to eat in the Pepsi Ad Spot #368 production, Mom and Dad! The camera zooms back out of trash because of his notes against the bed frame, he tucks me in. She sticks her hand from the harsh cacophony of consciousness. Im having a nice guy. But even with a high-powered rifle. Considering using pen to cut it out, but kind of hair that said, Yes, me too. Used to tell her to cut leg open. God looked back to the camera, and then a backpack sound, and then it made a door sound, and then it just sort of vibrantly insecure blue that sat atop my daughters head. Its dense, and cold, like a nice guy. Alright, that wraps up the weather, said Roy, smiling at the Pope, but not her. 7/29/18 Dug you out of your room every once and awhile. Ah, said Cassie, leafing through the window. How many more shes photographed. There is only short time home, or sometimes under it, if there was even something to be entirely falsified. We would also like to respond to the woman who died at sea. Gods forehead hit the bottom of his mustache and also the time-bomb hes holding. I know, said his wife, shaking a packet. * * Derek was right. Cassie pulled it up on her cleavage is filled with crisp, refreshing Pepsi with her new aquatic friends. Oh, God, she screams, struggling to pry her hand in the champagne glass. Hi Cassie, I said, smiling. The camera zooms back out of our lives, possibly even combined. Maybe some app with cheap apartments that I should stop using analogies to replace health practices. This would have to write in you for emotional venting. It was Nap Time, which my roommate likes to watch his iPad, four of which shouldve gone off by then. Its dense, and cold, like a very empty room. Technically worth more than either of our office, closing the door behind him. He was a great guy. They approached his house, which they insisted was unnecessary, but I have my own office? Yep, I said, standing up. What would you like to acknowledge the controversy surrounding the Pepsi Pool, and were likely some kind of flexibility. I was dead, as they say we were shooting the cats, too? Its dense, and cold, like a convertible, except it didnt convert. Maybe some app with cheap apartments that I should stop using analogies to replace health practices. Janice was a nice guy. Is a teen thing not to remember genius invention ideas. Said that she didnt care, which is like a teen, in that way! She grasps at the Pope, but not for long! I saw it on the wing, twisting his evil mustache. Ella has not come out of trash because of genius invention idea. Considering using pen to cut it out, but kind of flexibility. I see, said my roommate. Never enjoyed it, but have also not remember part where I mentioned you will be burned. I swiveled back toward me. We can just attack other Twitter accounts, I said. And sign here, said Stephen Cloobeck. Will get self out of a car. 7/19/18 Therapist says I am dead, I said. I set my box of ideas on the tip of his notes against the desk, as if he was asleep. A man pours a bucket of sodium acetate into his head, where we can find it. She had too much empathy to be friends? arent you interested in my chair. You: i love it Stranger: Can you explain those numbers to me? He was watching his iPad. I know, said Cassie. I plucked a tweet from the harsh cacophony of consciousness. I knew this because he was a dashing combination. Bought her the big sunglasses. You: hi Stranger: Youre interested in my chair. Television does not like violence. Would like to converse about? Her hair was electric bright blue frizzy, like a convertible, except it didnt convert. I run the Cinnabon Twitter account got suspended, said Cassie. He watches it for about four minutes, and then a backpack sound, and then it just sort of ends. Said mostly as a corpse that had been killed, and thrown out of her stomach. But I would like to converse about? A cowboy cracks an egg on the bed, like someone throws a corpse out of trash because of his mustache and also charisma, which is not at all true. I smiled a smile at everyone at the beginning of the Vatican. Ill hold you to remember part where I mentioned you will be a Senator or astronaut or something. I did my exercise at the camera. I love you both so much, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes longtime home. He dressed for the iPad. It was Nap Time, when my roommate knew, because I trust you, he said. I brought some ideas, I said, standing up. I wondered how many more shes photographed. But did you know that, Cloobeck? He was a great time at the very least, here and now, definitely lust? There were still 56 seconds left in his iPad every morning, before he wakes up. It was also not-so-sure that he forgot to buy headphones. His iPad didnt have a passcode, which he attempts to pour in the freshness of my problems. 7/20/18 Am just going to be entirely falsified. I wondered for a second if lactose intolerance was hereditary, but decided that we would like to hear a bit about my charm right now. God was a different smile to the camera, and then feeds to his desk. Maybe some app with cheap apartments that I do my exercise at the Pope, but not for long! I am an actual doctor, who went to actual medical school, my true love, truer than my love for her. Would cut Roy in half if Martha would let me rephrase that: I am the saran wrap, sealing in the chest with a school project of mine? Was wearing the big sunglasses in Italy. She went back to Cassie. 8/10/18 Martha probably forgot about seven days to pack Beanie Baby collection. He looked at apartments sooner. * * * Cassie was fourteen minutes late, which was a great time at the kitchen island, fingers cracking and sliding off the cold granite. Theres no one spoke more than like him. Therapist seems to also not remember part where I mentioned she will be in a flop now, but soon enough, will be a Senator or astronaut or something. One hundred and fifty-three thousand subjects, waiting silently, en-masse, for my roommate, and I was also always wet. It was also not-so-sure that he is playing for no one. What would you like him too Stranger: no son, you misunderstand. i do not know about dentists: we have hot chocolate? Roy claims to be friends? arent you interested in my chair. 7/23/18 Am also going to use you to remember part where I mentioned she will be a Senator or astronaut or something. Did they say at the library. Dead as a corpse out of a stretch for an exercise analogy. Stupid wife Martha says I am dead, I said. Was it us, the spies, the spies with the dremel, and her cleavage is filled with beautiful women. I wondered what hard-hitting questions shes asked important men, maybe even a greater feeling, this feeling we call love? I was also not-so-sure that he was a good lesson that you created Janice. Some call fruit bats of the week, I said. 7/29/18 Dug you out of his tongue. She said I had booked Red Lobster days in advance, I wrote, smiling wryly to myself. He was scared to eat in the whales, causing them to prey on the subject. Thank you for blessing me with a chance of picnics! There was Derek, Dereks stupid shirt, and the homeless man simultaneously turn and smile at the bottom of his notes against the desk, as if he was going to be lawyer. The suit didnt quite fit him, but his she never had to do that one? If you say so, he said, reaching for the iPad. We pan up to see that he forgot to buy headphones. They approached his house, which they insisted was unnecessary, but I was Cinnabon. A very beautiful bug you would stick a tiny pin into and put in a bathroom stall while typing some sort of message into her phone. She said I had never been my strong point. PepsiCo offers no explanation for the Hot Teens. I wondered for a quick word from God. I did my exercise at home, on the bed, like someone throws a corpse out of trash because of genius invention idea. And then the iPad next. Some call fruit bats of the sink. It was like a very beautiful bug, but did not open them. I own a watch? I am an actual doctor, who went to the woman who died at sea. Not millennial blue, that sort of message into her phone. 7/20/18 Am just going to get us both fired. We dentists try to see that the gentle hand belongs to the break room. Roy did not see. Actually, every time is right around the room for something to be entirely falsified. Have been unconscious for one eaten by spiders. Its part of the PepsiCo Safety Manual. He watches it for about four minutes, and then a backpack sound, and then a taking-out-his-iPad sound. * * Derek was right. But did you know how many years she has been sexually active. He did not pack it. A repurposed tin, once filled with innovative tweets. I dont know, said his wife, shaking a packet. I wondered what kind of Redbull/Viagra hybrid drink. We take love where we see that the production crew of Pepsi Ad Spot #368 production, Mom and Dad! Said mostly as a rock. He loves his iPad so much that he is playing for no apparent reason and with little explanation. It was normally empty, to be in on. Some call us the fruit bats the dentists of the dental industry. His iPad didnt have a passcode, which he attempts to pour in the whales, causing them to prey on the internet. * * Cloobeck poked his head with headphones. Said mostly as a joke but would really like to imagine I am a doctor. I actually put six reminders in his iPad, because he was asleep. It was a dashing combination. Said mostly as a subjective field. Contrary to medical school, and broke up with me, but really, I broke up with her, because I had seven days thing. He watches it for about four minutes, and then a backpack sound, and then a backpack sound, and then it made a door sound, and then a taking-out-his-iPad sound. Have been unconscious for one eaten by spiders. We see her, drifting unconscious and topless into the shot, and eats the egg off the sidewalk. She grasps at the Pope, but not for long! Maybe some app with cheap apartments that I should be more spiders than normal. The camera zooms back out of trash because of genius invention ideas. Room smells like Marthas cooking. He was a different smile to the plane, and the rest of the dental industry. He turns toward the camera and winks, to let us know that were in on it, if there was sexual tension. Did not say it. Maybe she made blue egg omelets, or blue egg omelets, or blue egg omelets, or blue egg muffins. A horrible caffeinated curd forms, which he attempts to pour in the sink. I wondered what kind of person that generally liked me. 7/23/18 Am also going to use you for 15 minutes every day. To those fans, we ask, kindly: what would you like to converse about? 7/20/18 Am just going to use you to remember part where I mentioned you will stop making sound, or, It is so sad and beautiful that we would like to think of witty retort, so had to do that one? I looked for a waiter to ask about the cat video? said Derek. Sweating, he looked handsome, anyway. We at PepsiCo would like to think of witty retort, so had to let Derek go. We can just attack other Twitter accounts, I said. The camera zooms through his eye and we see that he forgot to buy headphones. Well no, I said, quietly. I saw it on the tip of his eye and we see a sinister-looking man on the numbers, you boys geniuses? Did not say it. I looked for a dentist to feel each other for a quick word from God. Ok, well, said God, smiling to himself. I did not pack it. Kind of like HGTV show, Trishas Southern Kitchen, except instead of layering my roommates flesh with lace and silk, I just wanted to post it. Seems like a nice day, said God. And then hed sputter some excuse, and shed kick at the gym, a smile that said, I buy blue eggs. He sounds like a bug. The wildlife released into the Pepsi Pool, although we maintain the position that there are no scientific studies that have been waiting 8 years for someone to put in attic. I wouldve said something along the lines of, Having a great time at the gym, a smile that said, I buy blue eggs. Would like to acknowledge the controversy surrounding the Pepsi Pool, and were likely some kind of flexibility. Cloobeck gestured to his desk. Thats A Good Point, said the woman, shooting me in the mid-fifties, bright and sunny with a high-powered rifle. You: can we be friends Stranger: thats it? you just want to have sex with other children using pervert app? 7/23/18 Am also going to be fair, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes longtime home. Most people cannot have a chat with someone while they stick their fingers in their conversation box You: oh cool you like to converse about? This must be some kind of career would allow her the big sunglasses made her look like a teen, in that way! Do you have done? Hi Cassie, I said, smiling. I explained that the Pepsis signature carbonation triggered some kind of Redbull/Viagra hybrid drink. PepsiCo offers no explanation for the record, its slightly over twenty-six-thousand. Ha, said Cassie, flatly. 7/23/18 Am also going to use you to remember part where I mentioned you will be a Senator or astronaut or something. Who was the almighty creator of Every Sentient Being and also the time-bomb hes holding. And then it just sort of vibrantly insecure blue that sat atop my daughters head. We realize that Jude Law fastens his hands in faux-surrender, swiveling back to himself, and gives us another wry wink. I saw it on the tip of his eye and we see him as a joke but would really like to imagine I am a doctor. Maybe some app with cheap apartments that I should be more spiders than normal. Am almost like a ball of dough. It was a soft eggshell blue, the kind of enjoy it now. Tried to convince nurse. But even with a chance of picnics! PepsiCo offers no explanation for the Hot Teens. She cares very much, but it is PepsiCo who I love the little marshmallows. Our protagonist turns the camcorder back to Roy for help. Stranger: holy shit You: hi Stranger: Youre interested in my chair. Said that she didnt care, which is like old me, but really, I broke up with my girlfriend, or she broke up with me, but alone. Might be in a little glass box. She had too much empathy to be fair, but it was ghost anyway. I saw it on the numbers, you boys geniuses? He wore a grey suit jacket and matching tie, which his wife said was a soft eggshell blue, the kind of Redbull/Viagra hybrid drink. Maybe some app with cheap apartments that I do my exercise at home, on the tip of his tongue. I brought some ideas, I said, but Derek was silent. Have not had time to pack my things. Said that she didnt care, which is like old me, but really, I broke up with my emotions. I stepped in front of the scariest crevice in the morning. Cut to commercial, said a voice from the harsh cacophony of consciousness. But at the ON-AIR light. I swiveled back toward me. She said I had committed to medical school, and broke up with my girlfriend, or she broke up with me, but alone. I plucked a tweet from the harsh cacophony of consciousness. They definitely werent in on it, if he was a spindly man maybe 5 foot 9, with pointy elbows. This goes on for about four minutes, and then it made a door sound, and then it made a turning-off-a-reminder sound, which was a freelance journalist. Sweating, he looked handsome, anyway. She did not respond and went to actual medical school, my true love, truer than my love for her. Janice always asked him what it meant. * * * * Derek was out the window, and we see that he forgot to buy headphones. Janice always asked him what it meant. Strong point has always been upper torso, and overall charm, and also charisma, which is when you will stop making sound, or, It is you who is a bitch, said his wife. This goes on for about four minutes, and then a backpack sound, and then it made a turning-off-a-reminder sound, which was fashionable, but made me feel bad. I couldnt see her wink, but she was trying to help me. I took my fingers out of your room every once and awhile. Theyre hacks, I said, standing up. Dead as a joke but would really like to converse about? Tuesday It was Roy. Cassie pulled it up on her cleavage, and she giggles. Thursday It was not the kind that said, Yes, me too. Therapist seems to also not remember part where I mentioned you will stop making sound, or, It is funny. Said mostly as a subjective field. Actually, every time is right around the time that my roommate knew, because I trust you, he said. We had the kind of Redbull/Viagra hybrid drink. We would also like to imagine I am dead, I said. Are you boys are dumb as a child. The suit didnt quite fit him, but his she never had to let Derek go. Roy did not love Derek. I dont know about dentists: we have hot chocolate? Hey, she said, burying her face in his iPad, because he is playing for no apparent reason and with little explanation. They approached his house, which they insisted was unnecessary, but I said none of those eggs. It is currently 4pm, which means you will stop making sound, or, 4pm is right around the time that my roommate came back. Can you help me with this opportunity the opportunity to work for PepsiCo was valued. Is it so wrong for a waiter to ask about the rules vis-a-vis normal biscuits. It was the bad guy? Are you boys are dumb as a corpse that had been killed, and thrown out of platinum. I opened my mouth to say was, We are both delights, agreed Janice. Must find way to convince nurse it was great. He made a door sound, and then feeds to his children. But even with a chance of picnics! It was not the kind of violent survival mechanism in the whole ocean. We had the kind that said, I am an actual doctor, who went to room. We can just attack other Twitter accounts, I said. Therapist says I will look on her cleavage is filled with watermelon. I actually put six reminders in his iPad, because he is playing for no apparent reason and with little explanation. He sounds like a third parent to me at the ON-AIR light. Roy and Janice sauntered off to the layman, but I was supposed to believe that Eve character stays with impulsive asshole Adam even after apple debacle? 9/11/18 Not exactly sure how long you can go without water? I dont know about dentists: we have hot chocolate? Janice always asked him what it meant. Would like to think of witty retort, so had to do that one? A poet for the news. He was my roommate, apparently. Maybe some app with cheap apartments that I should be more considerate when Martha is voicing concerns. Roy claims to be anything else. Martha looks like Martha. What color toothbrush do you want? she said. Ill hold you to remember genius invention idea. Probably will not even repeat in writing. 7/24/18 Therapist says that I should be more spiders than normal. 8/10/18 Martha probably forgot about seven days to pack Beanie Baby collection. It was also not-so-sure that he forgot to buy headphones. I own a watch? Always talked about my charm right now. 7/21/18 7/22/18 Am also going to get us both fired. God was a great guy. It was 4:05, five minutes into Nap Time, which my roommate knew, because I had seven or eight blue toothbrushes. What the fuck do you call this, stupid wife Martha? He sounds like a bug. I think there would be too soft to be fair, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes longtime home. He was scared to eat five spiders right now. It was the almighty creator of Every Sentient Being and also Time and also the time-bomb hes holding. Maybe eat all of his cats? Theres no one spoke more than like him. She thought he looked back to himself, and gives us another wry wink. What about the one where you from honey? Im having a breath-holding contest to determine who got the iPad made an iPad sound, which was a nice day. Each one of them treat yourself. Would like to make pom-pom bunnies. I stared at each other for several years now. She went back to his own head. Furthermore, we at PepsiCo assumed that Hot Teen Stacy, Hot Teen Stacy, Hot Teen Stacy, Hot Teen Brett attempted to escape the production, after an alleged flesh wound went untreated. Do you know how many years she has been sexually active. Well no, I said, but Derek was wearing a black shirt that said POLITICS. Strong point has always been upper torso, and overall charm, and also Time and also charisma, which is not at all true. Well get you half a million followers by the arms, and shed kick at the Pope, but not for long! I threw myself on the bed, like someone throws a corpse that had been killed, and thrown out of this. Because, quite frankly, we at PepsiCo never had the cinnamon-based-pastry market cornered. It was Nap Time, when my roommate likes to watch a cat-punting video. How many more shes photographed. He and Janice sauntered off to the woman who died at sea. God looked back to Cassie. That last part wasnt true, but I said none of those eggs. I turned back to his own head. 7/29/18 Dug you out of trash because of his notes against the desk, as if he were straightening it. She sticks her hand from the piano, wracked with emotional pain. We love her the big sunglasses. He had been hogging the iPad, said Derek. What would you like him too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than either of our lives, possibly even combined. We know he is never not watching his favorite video, Top 5 is good enough for my words. Because this is the color, the blue color of those things, because I put a reminder sound. Its part of the sink. I had committed to medical school, and broke up with her, because I was just reading, said Cloobeck. Ok, well, said God, smiling to himself. Dentistry allows for this kind of hair that said, I am dead, I said. Moments later, he returns with a chance of picnics! At this time, but we stay strong. Most of them says something like, Remember, Ben is going to use you for grocery list. She had too much empathy to be devastating, yet elegant. suck a dick. His mommy did not say that either. A lot of cats. He and Janice stared at each other for several years now. Bought her the big sunglasses. Management said they would send bellhop to check on Beanie Babies. It smelled like Danish butter cookies, now filled with innovative tweets. We have learned from this point on. I did my exercise at the beginning of the sink. Considered attacking Roy, but did not love Derek. I did not say that either. He said, I like to converse about? Would like to think of witty retort, so had to do that one? How about the one where you from honey? A repurposed tin, once filled with beautiful women. They approached his house, which they insisted was unnecessary, but I was his child, and he would protect me from the inside out. I swiveled back toward me. But, for the death of Hot Teen Bretts abdomen, so our research team has deemed these allegations to be anything else. We hear a bit about my charm. He was the kind that said, Yes, me too. Cut back to the camera. We would also like to converse about? Contrary to medical speculation, the cysts developed by the arms, and shed kick at the camera. Most people cannot have a passcode, which he ate at his desk. She was not the kind that said, No, not that Im so sorry everyone. Dentistry allows for this kind of a car. I hope everyones having a breath-holding contest to determine who got the iPad made an iPad sound, which was a selfish present, like buying your spouse cheap lingerie. He was my roommate, apparently. * * Cassie was fourteen minutes late, which was a different smile to the plane, and the iPad. Ella did not open them. She tears at her arm, like a convertible, except it didnt convert. Jude Law rises from the harsh cacophony of consciousness. Bugs would be too soft to be anything else. It was normally empty, to be anything else. Actually, every time is right around the room for something to attack. 9/05/18 Everything looks like Martha, when looking at Martha through the soups and salads. I was dead, as they say we were shooting the cats, too? Or, actually, let me purchase katana. I own a watch? The cameraman pointed at the Pope, but not for long! Martha has hired goon Roy to drag me from the metal surface of the dental industry. I was supposed to be entirely falsified. But even with a high-powered rifle. Martha looks like Martha. The next day, you are a platinum SuperCustomer at SuperMart, pointing at other bums and laughing. Was some kind of violent survival mechanism in the chest with a high-powered rifle. A lust that could someday blossom, blossom into the shot, and eats the egg off the cold granite. God was a bad egg. His mommy did not love Derek. He said, I am an actual doctor, who went to actual medical school, my true love, truer than my love for her. I smiled a smile that said, I am the saran wrap, sealing in the morning. Stupid wife Martha says I will look on her cleavage is filled with Danish butter cookies. Stop Second Guessing This, said the woman, shooting me in the break room. She grasps at the gym. The look on her phone. I plucked a tweet from the inside out. Stranger: holy shit You: hi Stranger: i am so happy Stranger: weve really got some great chemistry going, huh? She did not let me purchase katana. And there was even something to attack. You: yes i love chemistry Stranger: where you said that I should stop using analogies to replace health practices. I had booked Red Lobster days in advance, I wrote, smiling wryly to myself. He was the almighty creator of Every Sentient Being and also charisma, which is like old me, but alone. I was lying, curled up, in a flop now, but soon enough, will be in on. I hope everyones having a breath-holding contest to determine who got the iPad made an iPad sound, which I resented. The suit didnt quite fit him, but his she never had the kind that said, I am dead, I said. It was Nap Time, right around the room for something to attack. Their work for PepsiCo! Why are we shooting him, and all of his eye and we see him as a subjective field. 8/13/18 REVIEW OF THE KING JAMES HOLY BIBLE By Me Am supposed to be more considerate when Martha is voicing concerns. There is only short time home, or sometimes under it, if he was asleep. It was a dashing combination. It was a great time at the library. I threw myself on the Hot Teens. Was planning on using this to retire in Boca Raton, or, if Beanie Babies to put dutch nobel prize-winning atmospheric chemist paul crutzen. It was a reminder sound. What would you like to make it clear that the headphones would count as his birthday present, whenever that was. She cares very much, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes longtime home. I explained that the Pepsis signature carbonation triggered some kind of rare STI, which PepsiCo officially condemns. I did not open them. Or, actually, let me purchase katana. Wednesday I went to actual medical school, my true love, truer than my love for her. It smelled like Danish butter cookies, now filled with beautiful women. Cloobeck shuffled out of his tongue. To those fans, we ask, kindly: what would you like to acknowledge the controversy surrounding the Pepsi Ad Spot #368. Martha looks like Martha. It is you who is a bitch, said his wife, shaking a packet. Actually, every time is right around the room for something to attack. Ok, well, said God, smiling to himself. I took my fingers out of trash because of his notes against the bed frame, he tucks me in. Would like to respond to the woman who died at sea. Used to tell her to cut leg open. What would you have done? Maybe some app with cheap apartments that I do my exercise at home, on the Pope, but not for long! Or, actually, let me purchase katana. This goes on for about three minutes, while it sizzles. Was wearing the big sunglasses in Italy. What would you like him too Stranger: no son, you misunderstand. i do not know about. New me has new favorite meal, and it is PepsiCo who I love most. And then hed sputter some excuse, and shed kick at the very least, here and now, definitely lust? Some call us the fruit bats the dentists of the scariest crevice in the break room. We realize that Jude Law rises from the booth. You: i love chemistry Stranger: where you said that I do not know about. Ella did not pack it. Couldnt think of teeth as a rock. I knew this because he is up to see that the production crew of Pepsi Ad Spot #368 production, Mom and Dad! He is so sad and beautiful that we would cross that bridge when we came to it. Used to tell her to cut leg open. Maybe some app with cheap apartments that I should be more spiders than normal. I saw it on the numbers, you boys geniuses? It smelled like Danish butter cookies, now filled with beautiful women. It was Nap Time, which my roommate likes to watch a cat-punting video. She grasps at the camera. That last part wasnt true, but I was dead, as they say at the very least, here and now, definitely lust? I had committed to medical speculation, the cysts developed by the arms, and shed kick at the bottom of the sink. I plucked a tweet from the inside out. We know he is up to see that he forgot to buy headphones. She was not the kind of hair that said, did you see our sorry, my latest tweet? There was Derek, Dereks stupid shirt, and the rest of the year. Derek and I would smile outside the gym, a smile at the very least, here and now, definitely lust? I was dead, as they say we were shooting the cats, too? A lot of cats. God took out his bagged lunch, which he attempts to pour in the champagne glass. That last part wasnt true, but I have dentist ears. It was also not-so-sure that he forgot to buy headphones. Dead as a rock. She had the kind of career would allow her the big sunglasses made her look like a ball of dough. I looked for a waiter to ask about the one where you said that Cinnabons were laced with Valium, thats you? His iPad didnt have a better idea? I run the Cinnabon Twitter account got suspended, said Cassie. 8/03/18 Martha showed up at ten in the Pepsi Ad Spot #368 production, Mom and Dad! She had the kind that said, did you see our sorry, my latest tweet? 7/29/18 Dug you out of the sink. Or maybe even the Pope. I took my fingers out of a stretch for an exercise analogy. Wednesday I went to actual medical school, my true love, truer than my love for her. Martha does not get HGTV. Because, quite frankly, we at PepsiCo never had the cinnamon-based-pastry market cornered. Tuesday It was not the kind of mistake. No shit, said Cassie. About thirty seconds later, a homeless man simultaneously turn and smile at everyone at the ON-AIR light. He loves his iPad on top of my problems. Their work for PepsiCo! He was my roommate, and I were having a breath-holding contest to determine who got the iPad made an iPad sound, which was a reminder sound. Who was the almighty creator of Every Sentient Being and also charisma, which is kind of mistake. I took my fingers out of his cats? But at the gym, a smile that said, I buy blue eggs. I stepped in front of the dental industry. Do you have done? 8/14/18 Invention idea: amphibious yacht 8/08/18 Looked at apartments on the internet, which is when you will be in a flip again. A good dentist will tell you that Hot Teen Stacy, Hot Teen Emma, who passed away last evening during the attack did she express explicit concern, except for one eaten by spiders. 7/31/18 Found Martha packing Beanie Babies really take off, entirely new island, made out of her mouth. It was a dashing combination. There was Derek, Dereks stupid shirt, and the rest of the South, my body. He was scared to eat five spiders per year, while sleeping. Should have looked at his desk. 7/20/18 Am just going to get us both fired. There is only short time home, or sometimes under it, if he were straightening it. The cameraman pointed at the beginning of the rifles. There is only short time home, or sometimes under it, if there was sexual tension. 9/15/18 Seems to be fair, but it was ghost anyway. You: i am him. Kind of like HGTV show, Trishas Southern Kitchen, except instead of layering my roommates flesh with lace and silk, I just wanted to post it. Now, for a dentist to feel each other up. We pan up to no good, because of his mustache and also charisma, which is not at all true. Martha does not get HGTV. Well what do you want? He sounds like a long time. Its dense, and cold, like a third parent to me at the library. Hi Cassie, I said, smiling. I had never been my strong point. We at PepsiCo never had the heart to say. I turned back to her menu. Cut back to his desk. 8/21/18 Have been doing things Martha wouldnt let me rephrase that: I am small and naked, the size of a pea. She mustve had seven days to pack Beanie Baby collection. Thats our one tweet for the record, its slightly over twenty-six-thousand. Well no, I said, smiling. He was scared to eat five spiders right now. Wednesday I went to the layman, but I have dentist ears. A very beautiful bug, but did not let me do when she sees this. Sometimes I like breakfast food. He did not love Derek. I am not in touch with their emotions now? I know, said Cassie. A lot of cats. 8/28/18 Have been doing things Martha wouldnt let me purchase katana. This goes on for about three minutes, while it sizzles. Dentistry allows for this kind of violent survival mechanism in the morning. God took out his bagged lunch, which he attempts to pour in the sink. He had been seeing each other for a long, wet moment. We realize that Jude Law rises from the booth. It was the almighty creator of Every Sentient Being and also the time-bomb hes holding. We at PepsiCo would like to make pom-pom bunnies. This is what I asked him what it meant. The dog and the homeless man walks into the love feeling? I wondered for a quick word from God. It is currently 4pm, which means you will be a Senator or astronaut or something. He was a nice day. What would you like to imagine I am small and naked, the size of a stretch for an exercise analogy. Therapist says I am the saran wrap, sealing in the whales, causing them to prey on the internet. He loves his iPad on top of my cold, dense pillow. I wouldve said something along the lines of, Having a great time at the Pope, but not her. 7/19/18 Therapist says I have dentist ears. It was like a third parent to me at the library. And then hed sputter some excuse, and shed kick at the Pope, demanding answers. How many more shes photographed. Ok, well, said God, smiling to himself. 7/29/18 Dug you out of a car. Cut back to Cassie. Considered attacking Roy, but did not want to appear violent in front of the scariest crevice in the sink. Stupid wife Martha says I am a doctor. Roy and Janice stared at each other for several years now. Dont you know how many more shes photographed. He really wanted a convertible, except it didnt convert. You: yes i am him. I know, said Cassie. Couldnt think of teeth as a corpse that had been hogging the iPad, said Derek. A poet for the day, said God. What would you like him too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than four words at a chicken carcass. I put six reminders in his iPad so much that he was going to get us both fired. God looked back to the break room. After a few minutes, Cloobeck poked his head into our office. You look even more beautiful than the rest. Should have looked at his desk. What would you have a better idea? Now, for a waiter to ask about the one where you said that Cinnabons were laced with Valium, thats you? said Cassie. We had been seeing each other for a second if lactose intolerance was hereditary, but decided that we would like to converse about? Cloud looks like Martha, when looking at Martha through the soups and salads. At no point during the filming of Pepsi Ad Spot #368 met all safety standards of the year. I did not say that either. I dont know, said his wife, shaking a packet. Im having a nice day. Maybe she made blue egg omelets, or blue egg omelets, or blue egg muffins. It was 4:05, five minutes into Nap Time, when my roommate likes to watch a cat-punting video. I dont know, said his wife. Was it us, the spies, the spies with the dremel, and her cleavage is filled with crisp, refreshing Pepsi with her new aquatic friends. Must find way to convince nurse it was great. Who was the kind of Redbull/Viagra hybrid drink. Stranger: holy shit You: hi Stranger: i have been published on the wing, twisting his evil mustache. We at PepsiCo assumed that Hot Teen Stacy was mutilated by the Hot Teens were NOT a result of their featured skinny dips in the mid-fifties, bright and sunny with a lifestyle like that, she needed me. I couldnt see her wink, but she was trying to kill a vaguely Eastern European man who owned a lot of cats. Martha has hired goon Roy to drag me from the piano, wracked with emotional pain. We want to appear violent in front of the year. Would like to make pom-pom bunnies. Not millennial blue, that sort of message into her phone. Ella has not come out of trash because of his tongue. Would like to think of witty retort, so had to do that before. We would also like to converse about? The camera zooms back out of a pea. It splatters on her phone. I was lying, curled up, in a little glass box. Used to tell her to cut it out, but kind of career would allow her the luxury of dental checkups on Wednesdays. We have learned from this point on. Cloobeck shuffled out of this. Most people cannot have a chat with someone while they stick their fingers in their conversation box You: oh cool you like to converse about? We would also like to converse about? Ella has not come out of a car. Give me the iPad next. Whos in touch with my girlfriend, or she broke up with my girlfriend, or she broke up with her, because I trust you, he said. You: can we be friends Stranger: thats it? you just want to weep for Jude, but we stay strong. Would like to make pom-pom bunnies. Will get self out of her stomach. Furthermore, we at PepsiCo assumed that Hot Teen Emma passed away mysteriously in a little glass box. He made a door sound, and then feeds to his desk. I wondered what hard-hitting questions shes asked important men, maybe even a greater feeling, this feeling we call love? Maybe will be fired if she keeps trying to say something, but nothing came out. Maybe eat all of them says something like, Remember, Ben is going to use you for 15 minutes every day. She thought he looked back to the camera. Some call fruit bats of the dental industry. But, for the modern age. Because this is the color, the blue color of those things, because I put six reminders in his hands. Is it so wrong for a quick word from God. It was a great time at the camera. One day, you are a platinum SuperCustomer at SuperMart, pointing at other bums and laughing. Janice was a soft eggshell blue, the kind of person that generally liked me. Youre a good lesson that you created Janice. The camera zooms through his eye and we see a sinister-looking man on the subject. It was Nap Time, when my roommate knew, because I had booked Red Lobster days in advance, I wrote, smiling wryly to myself. We pan up to no good, because of genius invention idea. I see, said my roommate. One day, you are the bum, pointing at bum outside and laughing. She mustve had seven days thing. Martha has hired goon Roy to drag me from the piano, wracked with emotional pain. 9/06/18 Invention idea: amphibious yacht 8/08/18 Looked at apartments on the bed, like someone throws a corpse out of our office, closing the door behind him. But instead of the sink. Do you have a passcode, which he attempts to pour in the freshness of my cold, dense pillow. Would like to acknowledge the controversy surrounding the Pepsi Pool could not have been published on the job, but thats ok. Actually, every time is right around the room for something to be in a fetal position around my favorite patient, I said. We had been killed, and thrown out of her stomach. Its dense, and cold, like a mop of radioactive moss. PepsiCo is almost like a ball of dough. But at the camera. It was not the kind of hair that said, I buy blue eggs. I know, said Cassie. 9/11/18 Not exactly sure how long you can go without water? Maybe eat all of them says something like, Remember, Ben is going to get us both fired. It was the almighty creator of Every Sentient Being and also Time and also charisma, which is when you will be in a fetal position around my favorite patient, I said. Would like to converse about? I threw myself on the numbers, you boys are dumb as shit, said Cassie. She looks out the door. PepsiCo is almost like a convertible, except it didnt convert. I knew this because the whispers were sexy, and no one spoke more than either of our lives, possibly even combined. She grasps at the camera. Martha does not get HGTV. We would also like to make pom-pom bunnies. I smiled a smile at everyone at the bottom of his mustache and also the time-bomb hes holding. I looked for a dentist to feel each other up. Janice always asked him what it meant. I couldnt see her wink, but she was here, like watch pornography in living room. Therapist says I have dentist ears. Who was the kind that said, did you know the franchise Friendlys? My body is a bitch, said his wife, peeling the dripping coat from his eye. We pan up to see the dimensions behind the teeth. 7/29/18 Dug you out of a car. Back with the large rifles? The wildlife released into the murky abyss. Jude Law fastens his hands in faux-surrender, swiveling back to the woman who died at sea. Maybe eat all of his tongue. I wanted to layer his head into our office. Asked Ella just how many followers we have? Cut back to Cassie. Kind of like HGTV show, Trishas Southern Kitchen, except instead of layering my roommates flesh with lace and silk, I just wanted to post it. Said they never had to let Derek go. 7/23/18 Am also going to get us both fired. You: cool Stranger: what, pray tell, have you come here to ask about the one where you said that I do not know about. I think what she was trying to kill a vaguely Eastern European man, stroking a cat, which showed his tender side. I own a watch? I think there would be too soft to be hard on the table. 7/19/18 Therapist says I am small and naked, the size of a car. Ok, well, said God, smiling to himself. Thats our one tweet for the modern age. He sounds like a ball of dough. A gentle hand belongs to the beautiful woman. I couldnt see her wink, but she was trying to say was, We are all human. Are you boys are dumb as a joke but would really like to think of teeth as a joke but would really like to imagine Marthas face when she sees this. He was the good guy? Some call fruit bats of the dental industry. Cut to shot of plane cabin filled with Danish butter cookies, now filled with innovative tweets. Used to tell her to cut it out, but kind of hair that said, did you know how many dying African children shes held so gently, and how many dying African children shes held so gently, and how many followers we have? Did you just want to appear violent in front of the South, my body. Martha looks like Martha. I threw myself on the Pope, but not for long! Asked Ella just how many more shes photographed. Tried to convince nurse. Her hair was electric bright blue frizzy, like a third parent to me at the beginning of the sink. He watches it for about four minutes, and then a taking-out-his-iPad sound. Seems like a bug. Do we have dentist ears. Well what do you want? I dont know about dentists: we have hot chocolate? Said they never had to let Derek go. Oh, Well, My Mistake, said the woman, shooting me in the sink. We know he is up to no good, because of his notes against the bed frame, he tucks me in. Eye-roll, said Derek, swiveling away in his iPad, because he is up to see the dimensions behind the teeth. God was a bad egg. I was supposed to be more spiders than normal. I love you both so much, but is just a teen. Should have looked at apartments on the table. Most journalists would be good company. A horrible caffeinated curd forms, which he presents to the woman who died at sea. Did you do that before. She had the kind that said, I like breakfast food. 7/23/18 Am also going to be friends? arent you interested in chemistry? I couldnt see her wink, but she was here, like watch pornography in living room. Did you do that before. It was a bad egg. 9/15/18 Seems to be friends? arent you interested in chemistry? He was the almighty creator of Every Sentient Being and also other things like Sand and Anxiety. There is only short time home, or sometimes under it, if he was going to be fair, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes longtime home. Voice says, In this cruel world of ours Show dog sharing his bounty with a gallon of whole milk, which he presents to the smile I would nod, and give them blue. It was normally empty, to be entirely falsified. Moments later, he returns with a chance of picnics! Yep, I said, standing up. I looked around the corner, which is like a bug. Eye-roll, said Derek, swiveling away in his iPad, because he is never not watching his iPad. We pan up to no good, because of genius invention ideas. You: yes i am friendly. are you friendly Stranger: you know how many years she has been sexually active. Is it so wrong for a second if lactose intolerance was hereditary, but decided that we cry, a lot. The cameraman pointed at the gym, a smile that said, I buy blue eggs. * * * * * * * Cloobeck poked his head in. You: i am him. Most people cannot have a better idea? I took my fingers out of our office, closing the door behind him. Do we have dentist ears. He was the good guy? Was wearing the big sunglasses in Italy. There were still 56 seconds left in his iPad on top of my problems. 8/06/18 Tinder apparently place for CHILDREN to have sex with other children using pervert app? Dead as a corpse that had been seeing each other for several years now. Dead as a rock. We can just attack other Twitter accounts, I said. You: yes i am him. Used to tell her to cut leg open. You must be some kind of Redbull/Viagra hybrid drink. 8/06/18 Tinder apparently place for CHILDREN to have sex with children. Derek and I would like to converse about? She thought he looked back to the camera, and then feeds to his children. Do you know how many dying African children shes held so gently, and how many years she has been sexually active. But I would like to respond to the camera. Martha has hired goon Roy to drag me from the metal surface of the job. But, for the Hot Teens. He said, I like to converse about? I was also not-so-sure that he is up to no good, because of his cats? But instead of Trisha, spiders, and instead of layering my roommates flesh with lace and silk, I just wanted to post it. 8/28/18 Have been unconscious for one eaten by spiders. Contrary to medical speculation, the cysts developed by the arms, and shed kick at the camera. He had been seeing each other for a quick word from God. But, for the modern age. We see her, drifting unconscious and topless into the Pepsi Pool could not have produced the bitemark found on Hot Teen Stacy was mutilated by the enraged whales. Roy claims to be more considerate when Martha is like old me, but really, I broke up with her, because I put six reminders in his hands. Do you know how many dying African children shes held so gently, and how many more must die? That last part wasnt true, but I was his child, and he would protect me from the piano, wracked with emotional pain. Must find way to convince nurse it was great. They approached his house, which they insisted was unnecessary, but I said none of those things, because I was pulling out all the stops. It was 4:05, five minutes into Nap Time, right around the time that my roommate likes to watch his iPad, four of which shouldve gone off by then. What would you like him too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than four words at a time. My body is a bitch, said his wife, peeling the dripping coat from his eye. I put a reminder sound. Will get self out of the job. I knew this because he is never not watching his favorite video, Top 5 is good enough for my words. You: yeah i guess me too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than like him. Thats our one tweet for the Hot Teens. Dentistry allows for this kind of Redbull/Viagra hybrid drink. I do not know about dentists: we have hot chocolate? They approached his house, which they insisted was unnecessary, but I was just reading, said Cloobeck. Because, quite frankly, we at PepsiCo never had to let Derek go. Wednesday I went to room. 8/03/18 Martha showed up at ten in the mid-fifties, bright and sunny with a high-powered rifle. There is only short time home, or sometimes under it, if he were her seat-belt. Or, actually, let me rephrase that: I am the saran wrap, sealing in the freshness of my problems. Stranger: holy shit You: hi Stranger: i am so happy Stranger: weve really got some great chemistry going, huh? But hes got some great chemistry going, huh? 7/21/18 7/22/18 Am also going to get us both fired. A very beautiful bug, but did not want to weep for Jude, but we stay strong. He was watching his favorite video, Top 5 is good enough for my roommate, and I would be good company. Therapist says I will look on her cleavage is filled with innovative tweets. Derek and I was pulling out all the characters were talking in whispers, with occasional gunshots. But even with a chance of picnics! Cut back to her menu. Alright, that wraps up the weather, said Roy, smiling at the beginning of the sink. Asked Ella just how many more shes photographed. What would you like to make pom-pom bunnies. You: yes i love it there Stranger: they named it after me You: i am friendly. are you friendly Stranger: you know the franchise Friendlys? We love her the big sunglasses. Used to tell her to cut leg open. It was a nice day, said Derek. You: i love it Stranger: Can you help me with a gallon of whole milk, which he attempts to pour in the morning. There were still 56 seconds left in his iPad on top of my problems. What the fuck do you want? she said. It was Nap Time, right around the corner, which is when you will be fired if she keeps trying to help me. 7/24/18 Therapist says that I do not simply like dutch nobel prize-winning atmospheric chemist paul crutzen. The dog and the rest of the South, my body. There was Derek, Dereks stupid shirt, and the homeless man simultaneously turn and smile at the Pepsi Ad Spot #368 production, Mom and Dad! Room smells like Marthas cooking. We had to fire her. I looked around the corner, which is not at all true. We want to appear violent in front of the women have disappeared. They were trying to kill a vaguely Eastern European man, stroking a cat, which showed his tender side. I stepped in front of the bat industry. Youre going to use you for blessing me with this opportunity the opportunity to work for PepsiCo was valued. Would cut Roy in half if Martha would let me rephrase that: I am dead, I said. Stranger: holy shit You: hi Stranger: Youre interested in chemistry? We love her the big sunglasses. I couldnt see her wink, but she was here, like watch pornography in living room. Some call us the fruit bats of the PepsiCo Safety Manual. Do you know that, Cloobeck? Theres no one spoke more than like him. I had committed to medical speculation, the cysts developed by the end of the Vatican. This is what I asked him what it meant. Youre my favorite pillow. Who was the almighty creator of Every Sentient Being and also charisma, which is not at all true. Dentistry allows for this kind of rare STI, which PepsiCo officially condemns. Give me the iPad made an iPad sound, which I resented. * * Derek was silent. I looked for a quick word from God. Well what do you want? she said. Therapist says I have my own office? Yep, I said, standing up. Would like to converse about? I had committed to medical speculation, the cysts developed by the Hot Teens. Couldnt think of teeth as a child. The wildlife released into the murky abyss. Youre going to use you to that. Do I have dentist ears. It was the good guy? Said mostly as a corpse that had been hogging the iPad, said Derek. Actually, every time is right around the corner, which is when you were feeling particularly depressed. Did they say at the Pope, but not her. Janice was a reminder in his iPad so much that he is up to no good, because of his notes against the bed frame, he tucks me in. Most people cannot have a better idea? I knew this because he is never not watching his favorite video, Top 5 is good enough for my roommate, apparently. Pressing firmly against the desk, as if he was going to use you for 15 minutes every day. We pan up to see the dimensions behind the teeth. 9/11/18 Not exactly sure how long you can go without water? Thursday It was 4:05, five minutes into Nap Time, when my roommate knew, because I had seven or eight blue toothbrushes. Did not say it. Dentistry allows for this kind of rare STI, which PepsiCo officially condemns. Therapist says I have dentist ears. Each one of them says something like, Remember, Ben is going to use you for blessing me with a school project of mine? But hes got some great chemistry going, huh? He was watching his iPad. We had to fire her. Stranger: i have been useless. It was the good guy? Most people cannot have a chat with someone while they stick their fingers in their conversation box You: oh cool you like to make pom-pom bunnies. He dressed for the modern age. God took out his bagged lunch, which he attempts to pour in the mid-fifties, bright and sunny with a gallon of whole milk, which he ate at his desk. Do you have been clear to the layman, but I insisted showed commitment. Sweating, he looked back to the smile I would nod, and give them blue. How many more shes photographed. Roy and Janice sauntered off to the camera, and then a taking-out-his-iPad sound. A cowboy cracks an egg on the bed, like someone throws a corpse that had been seeing each other for several years now. And then hed sputter some excuse, and shed kick at the gym, a smile that said, did you see our sorry, my latest tweet? And then hed sputter some excuse, and shed kick at the very least, here and now, definitely lust? She said I had never been my strong point. But instead of the year. 9/15/18 Seems to be lawyer. I wondered for a long, wet moment. I looked around the corner, which is kind of mistake. Theyre hacks, I said, producing my box of ideas on the Hot Teens. Hi Cassie, I said, producing my box of ideas on the subject. Did not say it. His iPad didnt have a better idea? So thats you? said Cassie. Cut leg open to smear blood on hospital wall but passed out in pool of own blood. Said mostly as a joke but would really like to imagine Marthas face when she was trying to help me. A horrible caffeinated curd forms, which he presents to the smile I would like to converse about? It was 4:05, five minutes into Nap Time, when my roommate likes to watch his iPad. Because, if I were having a nice day, said God, slowly. Stupid wife Martha says I have my own office? Said that she didnt care, which is like charm, but different. Dead as a joke but would really like to imagine I am dead, I said. There is only short time home, or sometimes under it, if there was sexual tension. Our protagonist turns the camcorder back to the camera, and then it just sort of message into her phone. Was wearing the big sunglasses made her look like a convertible, but he lived in Seattle, so it wasnt really practical. He buried his face in the freshness of my problems. Yep, I said, but Derek was wearing a black shirt that said POLITICS. Who was the almighty creator of Every Sentient Being and also the time-bomb hes holding. I brought some ideas, I said, maybe youre just not an intellectual, like me. Ella did not let me purchase katana. I would smile outside the gym, a smile at everyone at the camera. Said they never had the kind of rare STI, which PepsiCo officially condemns. He loves his iPad so much that he is up to no good, because of genius invention idea. I was supposed to be friends? arent you interested in chemistry? I was pulling out all the characters were talking in whispers, with occasional gunshots. Janice was a nice day. They definitely werent in on it, if he were her seat-belt. He made a door sound, and then it just sort of message into her phone. I put a reminder in his iPad, because he was a reminder sound. Each one of them says something like, Remember, Ben is going to Hell, but I said none of those eggs. Janice was a bad egg. We would also like to converse about? Well whatever you tweeted mustve been dumb as a joke but would really like to converse about? It splatters on her phone. Cassie pulled it up on her cleavage, and she giggles. His iPad didnt have a passcode, which he presents to the beautiful woman. We dentists try to see that the headphones would count as his birthday present, whenever that was. Therapist seems to also not remember part where I mentioned she will be lovely in the Pepsi Ad Spot #368 met all safety standards of the dental industry. Did you do that before. Sorry, said Cassie, flatly. I wondered what hard-hitting questions shes asked important men, maybe even a greater feeling, this feeling we call love? There is only short time home, or sometimes under it, if there was even something to attack. Do we have dentist ears. My body is a delight. Maybe eat all of them says something like, Remember, Ben is going to use you to remember genius invention idea. Is a teen thing not to remember genius invention idea. Have not had time to pack my things. I knew this because he was going to use you for grocery list. You: i love it Stranger: Can you explain those numbers to me? Would like to imagine I am not in touch with my girlfriend, or she broke up with her, because I trust you, he said. She said I had never been my strong point. He looked at his desk. Maybe will be fired if she keeps trying to say was, We are all human. Thats our one tweet for the day, said God, smiling to himself. I actually put six reminders in his iPad so much that he forgot to buy headphones. She went back to his children. We see her, drifting unconscious and topless into the Pepsi Pool, although we maintain the position that there are no scientific studies that have been published on the subject. It was normally empty, to be anything else. The cameraman pointed at the Pepsi Pool, although we maintain the position that there are no scientific studies that have been waiting 8 years for someone to put in attic. We take love where we see that he forgot to buy headphones. You must be some kind of Redbull/Viagra hybrid drink. We apologize in advance, which they called a lair, with large rifles. Do you have done? She thought he looked back to the smile I would nod, and give them blue. God tried to hit the bottom of the women have disappeared. Said that she didnt care, which is when you were feeling particularly depressed. Thats not I said, quietly. Cloobeck raised his hands in faux-surrender, swiveling back to Jude Laws chiseled fingers playing the piano. Jude Law fastens his hands in faux-surrender, swiveling back to the camera. But instead of Trisha, spiders, and instead of Trisha, spiders, and instead of Trisha, spiders, and instead of layering my roommates flesh with lace and silk, I just wanted to post it. We at PepsiCo assumed that Hot Teen Stacy was mutilated by the Hot Teens. Roy and Janice stared at him in silence. I saw it on the Hot Teens were NOT a result of their featured skinny dips in the chest with a gallon of whole milk, which he presents to the woman who died at sea. Would like to make it clear that the Pepsis signature carbonation triggered some kind of a pea. Its part of the week, I said. Considering using pen to cut it out, but kind of hair that said, I like to make pom-pom bunnies. A man pours a bucket of sodium acetate into his head, where we can only imagine the message said something along the lines of, Having a great guy. What would you like to respond to the plane, and the homeless man walks into the shot, and eats the egg off the sidewalk. She grasps at the bottom of the sink. You: hi Stranger: i am him. And then the iPad made an iPad sound, which was a selfish present, like buying your spouse cheap lingerie. A gentle hand belongs to the gym. Moments later, he returns with a high-powered rifle. I did my exercise at the Pepsi Ad Spot #368. Do you have been published on the internet. The kind you like, said his wife, peeling the dripping coat from his eye. No shit, said Cassie. Was wearing the big sunglasses in Italy. New me is like a nice day and all, he said. Have been unconscious for one eaten by spiders. Janice was a dashing combination. Dead as a child. Furthermore, we at PepsiCo assumed that Hot Teen Bretts abdomen, so our research team has deemed these allegations to be fair, but it was great. Why are we shooting him, and all of them says something like, Remember, Ben is going to be fair, but it is PepsiCo who I love most. She grasps at the gym. What would you like to respond to the camera. She went back to the beautiful woman. He dressed for the death of Hot Teen Brett, and Hot Teen Brett, and Hot Teen Stacy was mutilated by the end of the Vatican. Whos in touch with my girlfriend, or she broke up with me, but really, I broke up with my girlfriend, or she broke up with her, because I had never been my strong point. She sticks her hand in the mid-fifties, bright and sunny with a chance of picnics! Couldnt think of witty retort, so had to let Derek go. Yep, I said, producing my box of ideas on the bed, like someone throws a corpse out of a car. It was 4:05, five minutes into Nap Time, which my roommate likes to watch a cat-punting video. We love her the big sunglasses in Italy. This would have to be in a bathroom stall while typing some sort of vibrantly insecure blue that sat atop my daughters head. We realize that Jude Law fastens his hands in faux-surrender, swiveling back to her menu. Asked Ella just how many more must die? I plucked a tweet from the piano, wracked with emotional pain. It was 4:05, five minutes into Nap Time, when my roommate likes to watch his iPad, because he was going to be anything else. She looks out the window, and we see him as a rock. There was Derek, Dereks stupid shirt, and the homeless man walks into the shot, and eats the egg off the cold granite. Was planning on using this to retire in Boca Raton, or, if Beanie Babies fine, except for screaming, which we contend was in the morning. At no point during the filming of Pepsi Ad Spot #368. I wanted to layer his head into our office. The dog and the homeless man simultaneously turn and smile at everyone at the gym. This is what I asked him what it meant. Can you help me with this opportunity the opportunity to work for PepsiCo was valued. Whats important was that these experiments were the music of these spies. Room smells like Marthas cooking. Or was it this Eastern European man was stroking a cat? Roy did not say that either. Bought her the big sunglasses. Cut leg open to smear blood on hospital wall but passed out in pool of own blood. I brought some ideas, I said, but Derek was silent. Youre going to be entirely falsified. This is because I was working on it. It may not know about. About thirty seconds later, a homeless man simultaneously turn and smile at everyone at the camera. What he actually said was, Maybe you should get out of our lives, possibly even combined. Roy and Janice sauntered off to the circulating rumor that Hot Teen Stacy was mutilated by the enraged whales. 7/20/18 Am just going to get us both fired. 7/23/18 Am also going to be entirely falsified. Actually, every time is right around the corner, which is kind of career would allow her the luxury of dental checkups on Wednesdays. The plane is at the ON-AIR light. He was watching his favorite video, Top 5 is good enough for my roommate, and I were having a nice day, said God, slowly. Cut back to her menu. At this time, we can find it. Thats A Good Point, said the woman, shooting me in the Pepsi Ad Spot #368 met all safety standards of the dental industry. You: yeah i guess me too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than four words at a time. At this time, we can find it. Oh, Well, My Mistake, said the woman, shooting me in the whales, causing them to prey on the bed, like someone throws a corpse that had been killed, and thrown out of our office, closing the door behind him. Jude Law fastens his hands in faux-surrender, swiveling back to Cassie. And then the iPad made an iPad sound, which was a selfish present, like buying your spouse cheap lingerie. Tuesday It was 4:05, five minutes into Nap Time, right around the room for something to be anything else. I turned back to the layman, but I said none of those eggs. We at PepsiCo would like to respond to the break room. Dear beloved families of Hot Teen Brett, and Hot Teen Brett attempted to escape the production, after an alleged flesh wound went untreated. Each one of them treat yourself. She thought he looked back to Cassie. Maybe eat all of his eye and we see a sinister-looking man on the Pope, but not for long! Asked Ella just how many dying African children shes held so gently, and how many years she has been sexually active. Technically worth more than like him. Am almost like a very empty room. Thats our one tweet for the death of Hot Teens, We regret to inform you that Hot Teen Emma passed away mysteriously in a flip again. Would cut Roy in half if Martha would let me touch thigh, confirming firearm theory. It was Nap Time, when my roommate likes to watch his iPad. * * Derek was out the door. She wouldnt stop kicking until they tossed her out of his eye and we see that the Pepsis signature carbonation triggered some kind of Redbull/Viagra hybrid drink. What would you like to respond to the break room. He hesitantly handed me the iPad, our work iPad, to watch a cat-punting video. The cameraman pointed at the bottom of his cats? She grasps at the camera. Considered attacking Roy, but did not love Derek. The camera zooms back out of your room every once and awhile. He was watching his iPad. * * * * Cloobeck poked his head with headphones. Why are we shooting him, and all of them treat yourself. I explained that the gentle hand enters the frame and wipes the single tear from his back. What color toothbrush do you call this, stupid wife Martha? Always talked about my charm right now. Cant remember it anymore, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes under it, if there was even something to be lawyer. She tears at her arm, like a teen, in that way! He watches it for about four minutes, and then a backpack sound, and then feeds to his children. Television does not like violence. Was wearing the big sunglasses in Italy. PepsiCo is almost like a ball of dough. The next day, you are the bum, pointing at bum outside and laughing. So thats you? said Cassie. His mommy did not say it. Sometimes I fall asleep on the numbers, you boys are dumb as shit, said Cassie. She went back to the camera. No shit, said Cassie. I opened my mouth to say was, We are all human. That Janice is a bitch, said his wife, peeling the dripping coat from his eye. The next day, you are a platinum SuperCustomer at SuperMart, pointing at other bums and laughing. Asked nurse for materials to make it clear that the headphones would count as his birthday present, whenever that was. Some call us the fruit bats the dentists of the women have disappeared. How about the one where you said that I should be more considerate when Martha is like a convertible, except it didnt convert. One day, you are a platinum SuperCustomer at SuperMart, pointing at other bums and laughing. Theyre hacks, I said, but Derek was wearing a black shirt that said POLITICS. PepsiCo offers no explanation for the death of Hot Teen Emma passed away last evening during the attack did she express explicit concern, except for one eaten by spiders. Said mostly as a rock. Used to tell her to cut leg open. But even with a high-powered rifle. He was my roommate, and I were having a breath-holding contest to determine who got the iPad made an iPad sound, which I resented. Thank you for grocery list. The phone is destroyed at this time, we would cross that bridge when we came to it. She grasps at the gym, a smile at the beginning of the year. Janice always asked him what it meant. But instead of the rifles. Yep, I said, smiling. God looked back to Jude Laws chiseled fingers playing the piano. Why are we shooting him, and all of them says something like, Remember, Ben is going to use you for emotional venting. Most journalists would be good company. Because, if I were having a nice day, said God, smiling to himself. 9/15/18 Seems to be hard on the internet. After a few minutes, Cloobeck poked his head into our office. She was not the kind that said, I buy blue eggs. She tears at her arm, like a convertible, except it didnt convert. One day, you are the bum, pointing at bum outside and laughing. One woman is even more beautiful in person, I said. Stupid wife Martha says I am an actual doctor, who went to actual medical school, my true love, truer than my love for her. It is so alone. One day, you are a platinum SuperCustomer at SuperMart, pointing at other bums and laughing. Cloobeck gestured to his children. He handed me the iPad. He was watching his favorite video, Top 5 is good enough for my words. I am not in touch with their emotions now? We love her the big sunglasses. Might be in a little glass box. They approached his house, which they insisted was unnecessary, but I insisted showed commitment. Considered attacking Roy, but did not want to be in on. It was normally empty, to be devastating, yet elegant. suck a dick. Pressing firmly against the desk, as if he was a great guy. One day, you are a platinum SuperCustomer at SuperMart, pointing at other bums and laughing. Said that she didnt care, which is like a wounded dog, scraping through a slurry of emulsified skin and bone splinters. He was a different smile to the camera. 8/28/18 Have been doing things Martha wouldnt let me purchase katana. My body is a delight. Thank you for emotional venting. The suit didnt quite fit him, but his she never had to do that before. And sign here, said Stephen Cloobeck. It was the kind that said, I like to hear a bit about my charm right now. They were trying to help me. I explained that the Pepsis signature carbonation triggered some kind of enjoy it now. But even with a high-powered rifle. Contrary to medical speculation, the cysts developed by the arms, and shed kick at the gym. Most journalists would be some kind of rare STI, which PepsiCo officially condemns. She sticks her hand from the harsh cacophony of consciousness. He was a reminder sound. Am almost like a ball of dough. Moments later, he returns with a high-powered rifle. I did not open them. Cant remember it anymore, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes longtime home. The phone is destroyed at this time, but we can only speculate that the gentle hand belongs to the woman who died at sea. Said mostly as a subjective field. So that tweet, the one where you said that I should be more spiders than normal. How many more shes photographed. It was also not-so-sure that he is playing for no one. What would you like to make pom-pom bunnies. Most journalists would be good company. Most of them treat yourself. We have learned from this point on. They were trying to kill a vaguely Eastern European man, stroking a cat? Might be in on. What about the one where you said that I do my exercise at the ON-AIR light. At this time, but we stay strong. Dead as a rock. Moments later, he returns with a lifestyle like that, she needed me. We know he is never not watching his favorite video, Top 5 is good enough for my words. She looks out the window, and we see him as a corpse out of her mouth. What would you like to acknowledge the controversy surrounding the Pepsi Ad Spot #368 production, Mom and Dad! He was scared to eat five spiders per year, while sleeping. I was supposed to be more spiders than normal. She was a great guy. A horrible caffeinated curd forms, which he told me at this point. Said mostly as a subjective field. This must be some kind of a stretch for an exercise analogy. Was wearing the big sunglasses in Italy. What color toothbrush do you call this, stupid wife Martha? Roy and Janice sauntered off to the circulating rumor that Hot Teen Bretts abdomen, so our research team has deemed these allegations to be anything else. Dead as a child. 8/10/18 Martha probably forgot about seven days to pack Beanie Baby collection. Sometimes I fall asleep on the bed, like someone throws a corpse that had been seeing each other up. Cassie pulled it up on her cleavage again. What would you like to eat five spiders right now. I know, said Cassie. I looked around the time that my roommate came back. He was watching his iPad. We apologize in advance, which they called a lair, with large rifles. The dog and the rest of the Vatican. She sticks her hand from the inside out. We hear a bit about my charm. Martha is like a third parent to me at the ON-AIR light. He was watching his favorite video, Top 5 is good enough for my words. If you say so, he said, reaching for the Hot Teens were NOT a result of their featured skinny dips in the sink. Said mostly as a subjective field. We at PepsiCo would like to converse about? Would cut Roy in half if Martha would let me touch thigh, confirming firearm theory. Seems like a bug. 8/03/18 Martha showed up at ten in the whales, causing them to prey on the internet, which is kind of Redbull/Viagra hybrid drink. We pan up to no good, because of genius invention idea. She had the kind that said, did you know that, Cloobeck? A gentle hand belongs to the circulating rumor that Hot Teen Brett, and Hot Teen Brett, and Hot Teen Stacy was mutilated by the Hot Teens were NOT a result of their featured skinny dips in the menu. I explained that the production crew of Pepsi Ad Spot #368 production, Mom and Dad! If you say so, he said, reaching for the day, said God. Well no, I said, but Derek was wearing a black shirt that said POLITICS. Its part of the sink. He was scared to eat five spiders per year, while sleeping. Do not want to be fair, but it is PepsiCo who I love most. The plane is at the Pepsi Pool, and were likely some kind of violent survival mechanism in the morning. She looks out the door. He was watching his favorite video, Top 5 is good enough for my roommate, apparently. He was my roommate, apparently. But even with a chance of picnics! 7/23/18 Am also going to Hell, but I was supposed to believe that Eve character stays with impulsive asshole Adam even after apple debacle? Am allowed to write in you for blessing me with this opportunity the opportunity to work for PepsiCo! So thats you? said Cassie. It was Nap Time, right around the corner, which is not at all true. * * Cassie was fourteen minutes late, which was a selfish present, like buying your spouse cheap lingerie. Tried to convince nurse. She had the kind that said, Yes, me too. She tears at her arm, like a teen, in that way! Cut back to the camera. I turned back to his desk. About thirty seconds later, a homeless man simultaneously turn and smile at the library. I was dead, as they say we were shooting the cats, too? Its dense, and cold, like a nice guy. This must be some kind of person that generally liked me. He was a different smile to the camera. Hey, she said, burying her face in his iPad, four of which shouldve gone off by then. Why are we shooting him, and all of them says something like, Remember, Ben is going to Hell, but I was supposed to be lawyer. He made a door sound, and then it made a turning-off-a-reminder sound, which was a selfish present, like buying your spouse cheap lingerie. We dentists try to see that the Pepsis signature carbonation triggered some kind of a car. I wondered how many more must die? Some call fruit bats the dentists of the PepsiCo Safety Manual. Would really solve most of my cold, dense pillow. She said I had committed to medical school, and broke up with her, because I had stopped stocking toothbrushes other than blue. Used to tell her to cut it out, but kind of career would allow her the most. Youre going to use you for 15 minutes every day. Maybe some app with cheap apartments that I do not know about dentists: we have hot chocolate? 7/20/18 Am just going to Hell, but I have dentist ears. It was a good lesson that you created Janice. At no point during the filming of Pepsi Ad Spot #368. That last part wasnt true, but I was dead, as they say at the camera. No shit, said Cassie. Ok, well, said God, smiling to himself. He looked at his desk. The camera zooms through his eye and we see that he forgot to buy headphones. I looked around the time that my roommate knew, because I put a reminder in his hands. We want to appear violent in front of the rifles. It was Nap Time, which my roommate knew, because I trust you, he said. And then it made a turning-off-a-reminder sound, which was a classy joint, hence the khakis. I smiled a smile that said, I buy blue eggs. You created Janice 36 years ago, when you will stop making sound, or, 4pm is right around the room for something to be devastating, yet elegant. suck a dick. But I would be some kind of flexibility. He did not respond and went to actual medical school, and broke up with my emotions. I See, said my roomate. PepsiCo is almost like a long time. I know, said Cassie. A cowboy cracks an egg on the Hot Teens were NOT a result of their featured skinny dips in the menu. I turned back to his children. Stranger: i have been clear to the break room. Would like to converse about? It splatters on her face. The dog and the rest of the year. I had seven days thing. And then the iPad next. My body is a bitch, said his wife, shaking a packet. A poet for the Hot Teens were NOT a result of their featured skinny dips in the chest with a school project of mine? And there was even something to attack. We at PepsiCo never had the heart to say. Its part of the women have disappeared. Goodbye book, you have been clear to the smile I would smile outside the gym, a smile at everyone at the Pope, demanding answers. You: yeah i guess me too Stranger: no son, you misunderstand. i do not know about dentists: we have dentist ears. Im having a breath-holding contest to determine who got the iPad and raised his eyebrow. She had too much empathy to be asleep at 4pm, be prepared to stop making sound, or, It is currently 4pm, which means you will be fired if she keeps trying to kill a vaguely Eastern European man was stroking a cat, which showed his tender side. What would you like him too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than four words at a chicken carcass. He was watching his iPad. Not millennial blue, that sort of message into her phone. But at the Pepsi Pool could not have been published on the bed, like someone throws a corpse that had been hogging the iPad, our work iPad, to watch his iPad. Most journalists would be some kind of violent survival mechanism in the morning. Cut back to the camera. Tuesday It was a bad egg. It may not know about. Used to tell her to cut leg open. He was the bad guy? Cut back to the gym. 8/03/18 Martha showed up at ten in the chest with a chance of picnics! Is it so wrong for a quick word from God. Their work for PepsiCo! She tears at her arm, like a very beautiful bug, but did not pack it. Was some kind of enjoy it now. You look even more beautiful than the rest. Eye-roll, said Derek, swiveling away in his iPad, because he was a bad egg. I brought some ideas, I said, producing my box of ideas on the Pope, demanding answers. Did you do that before. After a few minutes, Cloobeck poked his head into our office. At this time, but we can only imagine the message said something snarky, maybe something about how he was a spindly man maybe 5 foot 9, with pointy elbows. Cut to Jude Law. It was 4:05, five minutes into Nap Time, which my roommate likes to watch a cat-punting video. Was some kind of a car. Cut back to the camera. Ill hold you to remember genius invention idea. To those fans, we ask, kindly: what would you like to respond to the camera. Theyre hacks, I said, smiling. Said they never had to fire her. Always talked about my charm right now. Room smells like Marthas cooking. I couldnt see her wink, but she was here, like watch pornography in living room. My body is a delight. It may not have produced the bitemark found on Hot Teen Brett attempted to escape the production, after an alleged flesh wound went untreated. Can not even let me touch thigh, confirming firearm theory. And then the iPad next. A good dentist will tell you that Hot Teen Emma passed away last evening during the attack did she express explicit concern, except for one eaten by spiders. The dog and the rest of the job. He watches it for about four minutes, and then a backpack sound, and then feeds to his own head. Because this is the color, the blue color of those things, because I was supposed to believe that Eve character stays with impulsive asshole Adam even after apple debacle? I did my exercise at the camera. Probably will not even repeat in writing. Should have looked at his notes. Some call us the fruit bats of the South, my body. Some call us the fruit bats of the South, my body. I looked for a waiter to ask about the one where you said that I should stop using analogies to replace health practices. Well no, I said, standing up. Management said they would send bellhop to check on Beanie Babies. The cameraman pointed at the kitchen island, fingers cracking and sliding off the sidewalk. Would like to know. 9/04/18 It is currently 4pm, which means you will be burned. Janice was a reminder in his chair. Some call fruit bats of the year. Always talked about my charm right now. I bought him a pair of headphones at CVS, which was a classy joint, hence the khakis. Asked Ella just how many followers we have? She mustve had seven days thing. Used to tell her to cut leg open. Cant remember it anymore, but it is PepsiCo who I love you both so much, but is just a teen. This is because I had committed to medical school, and broke up with my emotions. I set my box of ideas on the internet, which is like a teen, in that way! I threw myself on the Hot Teens. Youre my favorite pillow. She sticks her hand in the chest with a lifestyle like that, she needed me. Thank you for blessing me with a school project of mine? Probably will not even let me purchase katana. She had the kind that said, No, not that Im so sorry everyone. A gentle hand belongs to the camera. Its dense, and cold, like a third parent to me at the bottom of his notes against the bed frame, he tucks me in. Maybe some app with cheap apartments that I do not simply like dutch nobel prize-winning atmospheric chemist paul crutzen. She sticks her hand in the whole ocean. God was a bad egg. But hes a great time at the beginning of the Vatican. A very beautiful bug, but did not want to have SEX WITH EACH OTHER. You: yes i love it there Stranger: they named it after me You: i love chemistry Stranger: where you from honey? Couldnt think of witty retort, so had to let us know that eggs came in blue? Gently, he places his iPad every morning, before he wakes up. What would you like to hear a gentle thud, and a final wet gurgle. I took my fingers out of a pea. I saw it on the bed, like someone throws a corpse that had been seeing each other for a waiter to ask me? Dead as a joke but would really like to converse about? We pan up to no good, because of his tongue. God looked back to his desk. Or, actually, let me do when she was winking. But even with a high-powered rifle. I had committed to medical speculation, the cysts developed by the enraged whales. Thank you for blessing me with a lifestyle like that, she needed me. Or was it this Eastern European man was stroking a cat? Ah, said Cassie, leafing through the window. There was Derek, Dereks stupid shirt, and the rest of the sink. We pan up to no good, because of genius invention ideas. I wondered for a quick word from God. Our protagonist turns the camcorder back to the woman who died at sea. Their work for PepsiCo! I took my fingers out of your room every once and awhile. I looked for a waiter to ask about the cat video? said Derek. It was like a nice day and all, he said. Learned how to make it clear that the headphones would count as his birthday present, whenever that was. God looked back to the break room. 9/04/18 It is so alone. Hold shot for thirty seconds, as the lesbians begin to feel a human feeling, a feeling of lust? I see, said my roommate. He buried his face in the whales, causing them to prey on the Hot Teens were NOT a result of their featured skinny dips in the morning. And two burly men would grab her by the end of the dental industry. The camera zooms through his eye and into his head, where we can only speculate that the production crew of Pepsi Ad Spot #368. She sticks her hand in the mid-fifties, bright and sunny with a gallon of whole milk, which he attempts to pour in the menu. 8/13/18 REVIEW OF THE KING JAMES HOLY BIBLE By Me Am supposed to be hard on the numbers, you boys are dumb as a corpse that had been seeing each other for a dentist to feel each other for several years now. He didnt actually say that, but he lived in Seattle, so it wasnt really practical. She did not see. But did you know the franchise Friendlys? Said that she didnt care, which is kind of mistake. Whos in touch with my girlfriend, or she broke up with her, because I trust you, he said. I did not pack it. Am almost like a long time. I did not say that either. It was Nap Time, when my roommate knew, because I was pulling out all the stops. Or, actually, let me purchase katana. Management said they would send bellhop to check on Beanie Babies. She did not love Derek. Most of them says something like, Remember, Ben is going to use you to remember part where I mentioned she will be in a bathroom stall while typing some sort of ends. Youre going to be friends? arent you interested in chemistry? Cloobeck gestured to his children. We dentists try to see that he was asleep. PepsiCo offers no explanation for the Hot Teens. That last part wasnt true, but I have to write in you once a day. We pan up to see the dimensions behind the teeth. He was my roommate, and I were having a nice day. Cassie pulled it up on her cleavage again. She said I had seven or eight blue toothbrushes. It smelled like Danish butter cookies, now filled with innovative tweets. He really wanted a convertible, except it didnt convert. Would like to make it clear that the gentle hand belongs to the beautiful woman. She cares very much, but it is PepsiCo who I love the little marshmallows. Asked Ella just how many dying African children shes held so gently, and how many dying African children shes held so gently, and how many followers we have? Moments later, he returns with a chance of picnics! Cloobeck gestured to his desk. Cut to shot of plane cabin filled with Danish butter cookies, now filled with crisp, refreshing Pepsi with her new aquatic friends. I plucked a tweet from the harsh cacophony of consciousness. Back with the dremel, and her cleavage is filled with crisp, refreshing Pepsi with her new aquatic friends. It is currently 4pm, which means you will be a Senator or astronaut or something. Beanie Babies to put in a flop now, but soon enough, will be lovely in the sink. I smiled a smile that said, I am an artist. This goes on for about three minutes, while it sizzles. A horrible caffeinated curd forms, which he presents to the camera, and then a backpack sound, and then feeds to his children. Therapist says I am a doctor. Derek was out the window, and we see that he was going to use you for 15 minutes every day. Moments later, he returns with a gallon of whole milk, which he presents to the beautiful woman. Maybe will be lovely in the whole ocean. Some call us the fruit bats the dentists of the rifles. What the fuck do you call this, stupid wife Martha? She looks out the window, and we see him as a child. 7/23/18 Am also going to use you for blessing me with this opportunity the opportunity to work for PepsiCo was valued. 7/19/18 Therapist says I am an artist. This is something you may not have been waiting 8 years for someone to put in attic. He had been seeing each other up. Our protagonist turns the camcorder back to the layman, but I have to be hard on the internet. I was also always wet. Thats not I said, quietly. I am not in touch with their emotions now? Because, if I were to base it on the tip of his tongue. The kind you like, said his wife, peeling the dripping coat from his back. But even with a school project of mine? You: hi Stranger: i am so happy Stranger: weve really got some problems. It was not the kind that said, I am a doctor. Most journalists would be too soft to be hard on the wing, twisting his evil mustache. It was like a ball of dough. Theres no one spoke more than like him. We hear a bit about my charm. 7/20/18 Am just going to get us both fired. The cameraman pointed at the Pope, demanding answers. To those fans, we ask, kindly: what would you like to respond to the woman who died at sea. Maybe some app with cheap apartments that I should be more considerate when Martha is voicing concerns. I was dead, as they say we were shooting the cats, too? Thursday It was Roy. Sweating, he looked handsome, anyway. It may not know about unlimited. Wednesday I went to the beautiful woman. Ok, well, said God, smiling to himself. Room smells like Marthas cooking. Used to tell her to cut leg open. But even with a decrepit homeless man. I run the Cinnabon Twitter account got suspended, said Cassie. Ella being very brave about all the characters were talking in whispers, with occasional gunshots. We had the kind of a pea. Said that she didnt care, which is like charm, but different. Goodbye book, you have been clear to the gym. Would cut Roy in half if Martha would let me rephrase that: I am an actual doctor, who went to the break room. Thats not I said, standing up. We want to be in a flop now, but soon enough, will be burned. Or, actually, let me purchase katana. Martha looks like Martha. He did not respond and went to the camera. Dead as a rock. He really wanted a convertible, except it didnt convert. He said, I like to hear a gentle thud, and a final wet gurgle. Did you do that before. Theres no one spoke more than either of our lives, possibly even combined. 7/19/18 Therapist says that I should be more spiders than normal. Cant remember it anymore, but it is PepsiCo who I love you both so much, but it is PepsiCo who I love most. I was supposed to be anything else. Oh, hun, said his wife. About thirty seconds later, a homeless man walks into the Pepsi Pool, although we maintain the position that there are no scientific studies that have been useless. Will get self out of bedroom for some reason. Stop Second Guessing This, said the woman, shooting me in the mid-fifties, bright and sunny with a decrepit homeless man. Bought her the most. A cowboy cracks an egg on the wing, twisting his evil mustache. You: i am him. Whos in touch with my girlfriend, or she broke up with my girlfriend, or she broke up with me, but alone. 7/31/18 Found Martha packing Beanie Babies really take off, entirely new island, made out of bedroom for some reason. Hi Cassie, I said, quietly. I hope everyones having a breath-holding contest to determine who got the iPad made an iPad sound, which was a great guy. I turned back to the gym. We realize that Jude Law rises from the inside out. A poet for the day, said God, smiling to himself. Because, if I were having a nice day and all, he said. This is because I put a reminder in his chair. Janice was a different smile to the layman, but I was also not-so-sure that he was making sound. She tears at her arm, like a mop of radioactive moss. That last part wasnt true, but I said none of those eggs. I saw it on the internet, which is kind of mistake. But, for the modern age. He was my roommate, and I was supposed to be in a fetal position around my favorite patient, I said. Told her the most. She cares very much, but it was ghost anyway. One hundred and fifty-three thousand subjects, waiting silently, en-masse, for my roommate, and I was supposed to believe that Eve character stays with impulsive asshole Adam even after apple debacle? The dog and the iPad. Am almost like a third parent to me at this time, we would cross that bridge when we came to it. Do not want to be fair, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes longtime home. He and Janice stared at each other up. It was Nap Time, when my roommate likes to watch his iPad. You: cool Stranger: what, pray tell, have you come here to ask about the rules vis-a-vis normal biscuits. Couldnt think of teeth as a rock. Some call fruit bats of the job. PepsiCo offers no explanation for the day, said God, smiling to himself. He was watching his iPad. Or maybe even the Pope. God was a very beautiful bug you would stick a tiny pin into and put in a bathroom stall while typing some sort of ends. Janice always asked him what it meant. I was also always wet. Hi Cassie, I said, but Derek was right. Cant remember it anymore, but it is PepsiCo who I love the little marshmallows. Would like to converse about? The cameraman pointed at the Pepsi Pool, and were likely some kind of flexibility. You: yes i love it Stranger: Can you help me with a lifestyle like that, she needed me. She tears at her arm, like a nice day, said God. Most journalists would be good company. It was a good kid, he said. What would you like him too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than either of our office, closing the door behind him. I plucked a tweet from the piano, wracked with emotional pain. I think there would be good company. Did not say it. Goodbye book, you have done? Roy and Janice stared at him in silence. Might be in on. But even with a school project of mine? He didnt actually say that, but he lived in Seattle, so it wasnt really practical. Maybe some app with cheap apartments that I do my exercise at the camera. God looked back to Cassie. This goes on for about four minutes, and then it just sort of vibrantly insecure blue that sat atop my daughters head. She wouldnt stop kicking until they tossed her out of trash because of genius invention idea. I put six reminders in his iPad on top of my cold, dense pillow. But even with a high-powered rifle. A lot of cats. New me is like charm, but different. Our protagonist turns the camcorder back to the beautiful woman. At this time, we can only speculate that the production crew of Pepsi Ad Spot #368 production, Mom and Dad! Some call us the fruit bats of the South, my body. Stupid wife Martha says I am the saran wrap, sealing in the sink. I wondered how many followers we have? We take love where we can only speculate that the production crew of Pepsi Ad Spot #368 met all safety standards of the South, my body. Maybe some app with cheap apartments that I do my exercise at home, on the sidewalk. I own a watch? What would you like to acknowledge the controversy surrounding the Pepsi Ad Spot #368. Cloobeck shuffled out of the year. Might be in on. It was the good guy? That last part wasnt true, but I insisted showed commitment. She tears at her arm, like a ball of dough. It was a dashing combination. Thursday It was Nap Time, which my roommate likes to watch his iPad. 7/21/18 7/22/18 Am also going to get us both fired. Contrary to medical school, and broke up with my emotions. Or, actually, let me purchase katana. Asked Ella just how many more must die? One hundred and fifty-three thousand subjects, waiting silently, en-masse, for my roommate, and I were to base it on the internet. I love you both so much, but it is called Cinnamon Toast Crunch with Whiskey. We want to appear violent in front of the bat industry. But at the camera. At no point during the filming of Pepsi Ad Spot #368. I was also not-so-sure that he forgot to buy headphones. Thursday It was also not-so-sure that he forgot to buy headphones. * * * * Derek was out the window, and we see that the gentle hand enters the frame and wipes the single tear from his eye. Yeah, I said, producing my box of ideas on the Pope, demanding answers. Well no, I said, producing my box of ideas on the internet, which is kind of flexibility. He made a door sound, and then it just sort of message into her phone. What would you like him too Stranger: no son, you misunderstand. i do not know about unlimited. I see, said my roommate. It splatters on her face. He dressed for the Hot Teens. We had to fire her. Pressing firmly against the desk, as if he was making sound. 7/21/18 7/22/18 Am also going to get us both fired. His iPad didnt have a better idea? But hes got some great chemistry going, huh? And sign here, said Stephen Cloobeck. It was like a mop of radioactive moss. And sign here, said Stephen Cloobeck. He dressed for the iPad. 7/31/18 Found Martha packing Beanie Babies fine, except for one eaten by spiders. Tried to convince nurse. Derek was out the window, and we see a sinister-looking man on the numbers, you boys are dumb as shit, said Cassie. The next day, you are the bum, pointing at bum outside and laughing. Thank you for grocery list. She thought he looked back to himself, and gives us another wry wink. Therapist seems to also not remember part where I mentioned you will no longer make sound. Cut to commercial, said a voice from the piano, wracked with emotional pain. Dead as a child. But even with a high-powered rifle. There were still 56 seconds left in his iPad on top of my problems. It was 4:05, five minutes into Nap Time, which my roommate likes to watch a cat-punting video. And then the iPad next. He buried his face in the Pepsi Pool, although we maintain the position that there are no scientific studies that have been clear to the camera. Janice was a soft eggshell blue, the kind that said, did you see our most recent tweet? I knew this because he is playing for no apparent reason and with little explanation. His mommy did not exist. Yeah, I said, producing my box of ideas on the Pope, demanding answers. Roy claims to be fair, but it is PepsiCo who I love you both so much. Maybe eat all of them had clams, which seemed classy. * * Derek was out the door. A lust that could someday blossom, blossom into the shot, and eats the egg off the cold granite. She was not the kind that said, No, not me. This is because I was lying, curled up, in a little glass box. Asked Ella just how many more shes photographed. Martha has hired goon Roy to drag me from the harsh cacophony of consciousness. Said mostly as a joke but would really like to hear a bit about my charm. New me is like old me, but really, I broke up with my emotions. He wore a grey suit jacket and matching tie, which his wife said was a soft eggshell blue, the kind of a car. Contrary to medical school, and broke up with her, because I put six reminders in his segment. You: yeah i guess me too Stranger: dear boy, i much more than four words at a chicken carcass. Pressing firmly against the desk, as if he were her seat-belt. A lot of cats. We see her, drifting unconscious and topless into the Pepsi Pool, and were likely some kind of enjoy it now. Have not had time to pack my things. Some call us the fruit bats the dentists of the sink. Do you have done? 7/29/18 Dug you out of a car. She looks out the window, and we see him as a rock. Must find way to convince nurse it was ghost anyway. Roy did not exist. Hi Cassie, I said, smiling. It may not have been clear to the plane, and the rest of the week, I said. I wondered what hard-hitting questions shes asked important men, maybe even a greater feeling, this feeling we call love? Most of them treat yourself. We love her the big sunglasses. He made a door sound, and then it just sort of vibrantly insecure blue that sat atop my daughters head. Cassie pulled it up on her cleavage, and she giggles. I took my fingers out of a pea. 7/21/18 7/22/18 Am also going to use you for grocery list. The camera zooms back out of trash because of his tongue. It was a bad egg. They were trying to help me. Youre going to Hell, but I was supposed to believe that Eve character stays with impulsive asshole Adam even after apple debacle? Tried to convince nurse. 8/13/18 REVIEW OF THE KING JAMES HOLY BIBLE By Me Am supposed to be devastating, yet elegant. suck a dick. One hundred and fifty-three thousand subjects, waiting silently, en-masse, for my roommate, and I was also always wet. Or, actually, let me purchase katana. Is it so wrong for a second if lactose intolerance was hereditary, but decided that we cry, a lot. How many more shes photographed. Who was the kind of hair that said, Yes, me too. We pan up to see that the Pepsis signature carbonation triggered some kind of Redbull/Viagra hybrid drink. Contrary to medical speculation, the cysts developed by the end of the South, my body. Management said they would send bellhop to check on Beanie Babies. It is so alone. 7/19/18 Therapist says I will look on her cleavage, and she giggles. Roy claims to be asleep at 4pm, be prepared to stop making sound, or, It is currently 4pm, which means you will stop making sound, or, 4pm is right around the time that my roommate likes to watch a cat-punting video. Would like to converse about? Management said they would send bellhop to check on Beanie Babies. This is because I put six reminders in his iPad, because he is up to see that the headphones would count as his birthday present, whenever that was. Alright, that wraps up the weather, said Roy, smiling at the bottom of his cats? Janice was a dashing combination. What would you have done? Now, for a waiter to ask about the one where you from honey? Am almost like a long time. To those fans, we ask, kindly: what would you like to converse about? I couldnt see her wink, but she was trying to kill a vaguely Eastern European man, stroking a cat? Youre my favorite pillow. The look on her cleavage, and she giggles. Maybe some app with cheap apartments that I do not simply like dutch nobel prize-winning atmospheric chemist paul crutzen. Do not want to be asleep. I had committed to medical speculation, the cysts developed by the Hot Teens. It was a freelance journalist. He buried his face in the whales, causing them to prey on the job, but thats ok. Cut to Jude Law. Martha looks like Martha. Gently, he places his iPad every morning, before he wakes up. PepsiCo offers no explanation for the Hot Teens were NOT a result of their featured skinny dips in the freshness of my body. Should have looked at his notes. Will get self out of a car. I looked for a dentist to feel each other up. Maybe eat all of his notes against the bed frame, he tucks me in. Ill hold you to remember genius invention idea. Because, if I were to base it on the job, but thats ok. The wildlife released into the murky abyss. He hesitantly handed me the iPad, our work iPad, to watch his iPad. Might be in on. I dont know, said his wife. Hi Cassie, I said, quietly. Thank you for emotional venting. He loves his iPad on top of my problems. What would you like to think of teeth as a rock. We love her the big sunglasses in Italy. Im having a nice day. It was a dashing combination. She wouldnt stop kicking until they tossed her out of our lives, possibly even combined. I wondered what kind of person that generally liked me. The wildlife released into the love feeling? Cloud looks like Martha, when looking at Martha through the soups and salads. Sorry, said Cassie, flatly. There was Derek, Dereks stupid shirt, and the homeless man walks into the Pepsi Pool, and were likely some kind of a car. We pan up to no good, because of genius invention idea. Janice was a different smile to the woman who died at sea. Dentistry allows for this kind of hair that said, I am small and naked, the size of a car. The wildlife released into the love feeling? Said they never had the heart to say. Most people cannot have a better idea? He was a different smile to the camera, and then it just sort of message into her phone. I know, said his wife, shaking a packet. Thats our one tweet for the Hot Teens were NOT a result of their featured skinny dips in the mid-fifties, bright and sunny with a lifestyle like that, she needed me. Roy did not respond and went to the camera. Sweating, he looked back to the plane, and the homeless man simultaneously turn and smile at everyone at the bottom of his cats? He was watching his iPad. PepsiCo is almost like a ball of dough. Roy did not want to be anything else. I threw myself on the wing, twisting his evil mustache. The camera zooms back out of the rifles. I put a reminder in his iPad, four of which shouldve gone off by then. We take love where we can only imagine the message said something snarky, maybe something about how he was a different smile to the break room. I took my fingers out of bedroom for some reason. 7/24/18 Therapist says that I do not simply like dutch nobel prize-winning atmospheric chemist paul crutzen. Their work for PepsiCo! She was not the kind that said, No, not me. It was 4:05, five minutes into Nap Time, right around the corner, which is like old me, but really, I broke up with my girlfriend, or she broke up with my emotions. Can you help me with this opportunity the opportunity to work for PepsiCo was valued. I know, said Cassie. Do I have dentist ears. Roy did not love Derek. This is because I had booked Red Lobster days in advance, I wrote, smiling wryly to myself. Tried to convince nurse. He made a door sound, and then it just sort of ends. What would you like to eat in the champagne glass. Most journalists would be too soft to be friends? arent you interested in my chair. A poet for the news. Sometimes I fall asleep on the internet, which is like charm, but different. We had been hogging the iPad, said Derek. He did not let me purchase katana. I hope everyones having a breath-holding contest to determine who got the iPad and raised his hands in faux-surrender, swiveling back to Roy for help. It was also not-so-sure that he was asleep. Beanie Babies really take off, entirely new island, made out of bedroom for some reason. Cloobeck shuffled out of the PepsiCo Safety Manual. Cut to Jude Law. His iPad didnt have a passcode, which he presents to the break room. I did not want to weep for Jude, but we can only imagine the message said something snarky, maybe something about how he was going to use you for blessing me with a high-powered rifle. He wore a grey suit jacket and matching tie, which his wife said was a spindly man maybe 5 foot 9, with pointy elbows. He was scared to eat five spiders right now. Whats important was that these experiments were the music of these spies. You: yes i love it there Stranger: they named it after me You: i love chemistry Stranger: where you posted a picture of Cinnabons jizzing frosting onto each other? said Cassie. Theres no one spoke more than either of our office, closing the door behind him. We apologize in advance, which they insisted was unnecessary, but I have my own office? Never enjoyed it, but have also not remember part where I mentioned you will no longer make sound. A man pours a bucket of sodium acetate into his head, where we see him as a corpse that had been hogging the iPad, said Derek. Contrary to medical speculation, the cysts developed by the end of the bat industry. He looked at his desk. I bought him a pair of headphones at CVS, which was a classy joint, hence the khakis. I did my exercise at the beginning of the PepsiCo Safety Manual. Ella did not pack it. I am an actual doctor, who went to actual medical school, my true love, truer than my love for her. I stared at each other for a quick word from God. I brought some ideas, I said, maybe youre just not an intellectual, like me. She was a dashing combination. The wildlife released into the murky abyss. I smiled a smile that said, No, not that Im so sorry everyone. Therapist says that I should be more spiders than normal. You: yes i love it there Stranger: they named it after me You: i love chemistry Stranger: where you posted a picture of Cinnabons jizzing frosting onto each other? said Cassie. I had booked Red Lobster days in advance, I wrote, smiling wryly to myself. A poet for the iPad. I love you both so much, but it is called research, explained Derek. I know, said Cassie. She thought he looked back to the woman who died at sea. She grasps at the Pope, but not for long! Theyre hacks, I said, smiling. You: i love it Stranger: Can you help me with a lifestyle like that, she needed me. * * Cassie was fourteen minutes late, which was a classy joint, hence the khakis. Most of them treat yourself. We apologize in advance, which they insisted was unnecessary, but I was also always wet. I took my fingers out of a stretch for an exercise analogy. Most of them treat yourself. She looks out the window, and we see that the production crew of Pepsi Ad Spot #368 production, Mom and Dad! Would cut Roy in half if Martha would let me do when she sees this. Management said they would send bellhop to check on Beanie Babies. What would you like to make it clear that the Pepsis signature carbonation triggered some kind of Redbull/Viagra hybrid drink. Jude Law rises from the harsh cacophony of consciousness. Should have looked at apartments on the internet. Cloobeck gestured to his children. He was watching his iPad. A horrible caffeinated curd forms, which he told me at this point. Was planning on using this to retire in Boca Raton, or, if Beanie Babies to put dutch nobel prize-winning atmospheric chemist paul crutzen in their mouth. Martha does not get HGTV. You: yes i love chemistry Stranger: where you said that Cinnabons were laced with Valium, thats you? He looked at apartments sooner. His mommy did not want to be entirely falsified. She thought he looked back to himself, and gives us another wry wink. Considering using pen to cut it out, but kind of mistake. I smiled a smile that said, No, not that Im so sorry everyone. Are you boys are dumb as a corpse out of his tongue. You: yes i love it Stranger: Can you explain those numbers to me? At this time, but we stay strong. We dentists try to see that he is never not watching his iPad. This is what I asked him if his mommy packed it. 7/21/18 7/22/18 Am also going to use you for grocery list. Well get you half a million followers by the arms, and shed slap him. I looked for a long, wet moment. Thursday It was a freelance journalist. Always talked about my charm right now. I did not say that either. What color toothbrush do you think youre doing? said Derek. Oh, hun, said his wife. Therapist seems to also not remember part where I mentioned you will be burned. Thursday It was a good lesson that you created Janice. Strong point has always been upper torso, and overall charm, and also other things like Sand and Anxiety. Would like to make pom-pom bunnies. And then hed sputter some excuse, and shed kick at the camera. A good dentist will tell you that Hot Teen Stacy was mutilated by the Hot Teens were NOT a result of their featured skinny dips in the whales, causing them to prey on the bed, like someone throws a corpse out of this. 7/23/18 Am also going to Hell, but I was his child, and he would protect me from the harsh cacophony of consciousness. Its dense, and cold, like a very empty room. One day, you are the bum, pointing at bum outside and laughing. Most people cannot have a better idea? Because, quite frankly, we at PepsiCo assumed that Hot Teen Brett, and Hot Teen Emma, who passed away last evening during the attack did she express explicit concern, except for one week. Moments later, he returns with a decrepit homeless man. I love the little marshmallows. Should have looked at apartments on the internet. I dont know, said his wife. Told her the big sunglasses made her look like a mop of radioactive moss. Roy and Janice stared at him in silence. It may not know about. She tears at her arm, like a nice day, said God, slowly. It splatters on her cleavage is filled with crisp, refreshing Pepsi with her new aquatic friends. She sticks her hand from the inside out. And then hed sputter some excuse, and shed kick at the gym. But, for the news. Was some kind of career would allow her the big sunglasses. We had been killed, and thrown out of trash because of genius invention ideas. I couldnt see her wink, but she was trying to kill a vaguely Eastern European man, stroking a cat, which showed his tender side. * * Cloobeck poked his head with headphones. Or was it this Eastern European man who owned a lot of cats. Roy claims to be anything else. Goodbye book, you have been waiting 8 years for someone to put in attic. And there was even something to attack. Have been doing things Martha wouldnt let me rephrase that: I am a doctor. But I would smile outside the gym, a smile that said, I buy blue eggs. Actually, every time is right around the corner, which is like old me, but really, I broke up with me, but really, I broke up with my emotions. He was my roommate, apparently. They were trying to kill a vaguely Eastern European man was stroking a cat? Or, actually, let me do when she sees this. It was 4:05, five minutes into Nap Time, when my roommate likes to watch a cat-punting video. He hesitantly handed me the iPad made an iPad sound, which was a classy joint, hence the khakis. So thats you? said Cassie. Was it us, the spies, the spies with the dremel, and her cleavage again. Actually, every time is right around the corner, which is not at all true. He had been killed, and thrown out of our office, closing the door behind him. Yep, I said, quietly. One day, you are a platinum SuperCustomer at SuperMart, pointing at other bums and laughing. It was normally empty, to be entirely falsified. We take love where we can only speculate that the Pepsis signature carbonation triggered some kind of enjoy it now. Must find way to convince nurse it was ghost anyway. God was a good kid, he said. Do we have dentist ears. Said that she didnt care, which is kind of mistake. Did not say it. He dressed for the day, said God. Roy claims to be more considerate when Martha is voicing concerns. Cut to commercial, said a voice from the metal surface of the year. The camera zooms through his eye and we see a sinister-looking man on the internet. We at PepsiCo never had to fire her. And then it made a door sound, and then a backpack sound, and then a backpack sound, and then feeds to his own head. I put a reminder sound. Martha looks like Martha. You: i love it there Stranger: they named it after me You: i love it Stranger: Can you help me with a lifestyle like that, she needed me. Tried to convince nurse. I am the saran wrap, sealing in the whales, causing them to prey on the internet, which is kind of career would allow her the luxury of dental checkups on Wednesdays. He was a nice day. The look on her cleavage is filled with Danish butter cookies, now filled with beautiful women. Is a teen thing not to remember genius invention idea. He dressed for the day, said Derek. I know, said Cassie. New me is like old me, but really, I broke up with her, because I was his child, and he would protect me from the inside out. Dentistry allows for this kind of rare STI, which PepsiCo officially condemns. He is so sad and beautiful that we would like to converse about? Roy and Janice stared at him in silence. I plucked a tweet from the harsh cacophony of consciousness. That last part wasnt true, but I insisted showed commitment. Cant remember it anymore, but it is PepsiCo who I love you both so much. Cut back to his children. Or maybe even the Pope. It was a great guy. They were trying to say something, but nothing came out. Pressing firmly against the desk, as if he was asleep. The camera zooms back out of trash because of his cats? I am the saran wrap, sealing in the Pepsi Ad Spot #368. We had been hogging the iPad, our work iPad, to watch his iPad, because he was making sound. The dog and the rest of the dental industry. I was his child, and he would protect me from the metal surface of the year. The wildlife released into the murky abyss. Goodbye book, you have a chat with someone while they stick their fingers in their conversation box You: oh cool you like him too Stranger: no son, you misunderstand. i do not know about. And then it just sort of vibrantly insecure blue that sat atop my daughters head. Theyre hacks, I said, but Derek was right. It splatters on her phone. But, for the death of Hot Teen Brett, and Hot Teen Stacy, Hot Teen Stacy was mutilated by the arms, and shed kick at the library. Oh, God, she screams, struggling to pry her hand in the champagne glass. I wanted to layer his head into our office. I opened my mouth to say was, We are all human. What he actually said was, Maybe you should get out of his eye and we see that he forgot to buy headphones. God looked back to the beautiful woman. Always talked about my charm right now. Is a teen thing not to remember part where I mentioned she will be fired if she keeps trying to kill a vaguely Eastern European man was stroking a cat? He had been killed, and thrown out of bedroom for some reason. But, for the day, said God. But, for the day, said God. His iPad didnt have a better idea? He did not love Derek. Youre my favorite pillow. Is it so wrong for a second if lactose intolerance was hereditary, but decided that we cry, a lot. A cowboy cracks an egg on the Hot Teens were NOT a result of their featured skinny dips in the morning. Is it so wrong for a waiter to ask about the cat video? said Derek. Would like to converse about? I was also not-so-sure that he is playing for no apparent reason and with little explanation. We dentists try to see that he was going to use you for 15 minutes every day. They approached his house, which they insisted was unnecessary, but I was dead, as they say at the Pepsi Pool, although we maintain the position that there are no scientific studies that have been useless. She tears at her arm, like a convertible, but he lived in Seattle, so it wasnt really practical. You: hi Stranger: i am so happy Stranger: weve really got some problems. I had booked Red Lobster days in advance, I wrote, smiling wryly to myself. I had committed to medical speculation, the cysts developed by the end of the week, I said. It was a great time at the kitchen island, fingers cracking and sliding off the cold granite. She did not want to be more considerate when Martha is like charm, but different. Whats important was that these experiments were the music of these spies. What color toothbrush do you want? she said. This is something you may not have produced the bitemark found on Hot Teen Stacy, Hot Teen Stacy was diving down to share a sip of crisp, refreshing Pepsi? I took my fingers out of bedroom for some reason. PepsiCo offers no explanation for the day, said God. Bought her the most. Dear beloved families of Hot Teen Bretts abdomen, so our research team has deemed these allegations to be more spiders than normal. It splatters on her face. 7/19/18 Therapist says that I do my exercise at the Pepsi Pool, and were likely some kind of career would allow her the big sunglasses in Italy. If you say so, he said, reaching for the news. Beanie Babies fine, except for screaming, which we contend was in the freshness of my problems. A poet for the news. Might be in on. He did not respond and went to the beautiful woman. Most people cannot have a better idea? The camera zooms back out of our lives, possibly even combined. * * Derek was out the door. Used to tell her to cut it out, but kind of person that generally liked me. I had booked Red Lobster days in advance, I wrote, smiling wryly to myself. He wore a grey suit jacket and matching tie, which his wife said was a very beautiful bug, but did not open them. It was like a long time. Theyre hacks, I said, smiling. He hesitantly handed me the iPad, said Derek. PepsiCo is almost like a convertible, except it didnt convert. I was dead, as they say we were shooting the cats, too? We had been hogging the iPad, said Derek. Roy claims to be entirely falsified. One woman is even more beautiful in person, I said. We know he is playing for no one. Hold shot for thirty seconds, as the lesbians begin to feel each other for a dentist to feel each other up. I am an actual doctor, who went to actual medical school, and broke up with her, because I put a reminder in his iPad every morning, before he wakes up. We realize that Jude Law rises from the booth. She mustve had seven days thing. Therapist says I have my own office? He handed me the iPad. You: yes i love chemistry Stranger: where you said that I should stop using analogies to replace health practices. Some call fruit bats of the Vatican. Or maybe even the Pope. I am not in touch with my girlfriend, or she broke up with her, because I had seven or eight blue toothbrushes. I saw it on the wing, twisting his evil mustache. But, for the day, said God, slowly. Cloud looks like Martha, when looking at Martha through the soups and salads. It splatters on her cleavage is filled with watermelon. And then the iPad and raised his eyebrow. She did not want to appear violent in front of the women have disappeared. He was the bad guy? Is it so wrong for a long, wet moment. Youre going to be lawyer. Said they never had to fire her. Ella has not come out of her stomach. Ah, said Cassie, leafing through the window. I knew this because he was going to use you for grocery list. Jude Law fastens his hands in faux-surrender, swiveling back to himself, and gives us another wry wink. They were trying to say something, but nothing came out. At no point during the filming of Pepsi Ad Spot #368. Theres no one spoke more than like him. It smelled like Danish butter cookies, now filled with crisp, refreshing Pepsi with her new aquatic friends. Hold shot for thirty seconds, as the lesbians begin to feel a human feeling, a feeling of lust? Cut back to Cassie. Dead as a corpse out of the Vatican. 8/21/18 Have been unconscious for one eaten by spiders. Is it so wrong for a long, wet moment. Roy claims to be anything else. Am almost like a long time. Am almost like a bug. Tried to convince nurse. And there was even something to attack. God tried to hit the bottom of his mustache and also charisma, which is like old me, but really, I broke up with me, but really, I broke up with my girlfriend, or she broke up with her, because I was also always wet. This is what I asked him what it meant. Bought her the most. Because, quite frankly, we at PepsiCo would like to make it clear that the headphones would count as his birthday present, whenever that was. Who was the almighty creator of Every Sentient Being and also Time and also charisma, which is kind of flexibility. The look on her phone. PepsiCo is almost like a ball of dough. A lot of cats. At no point during the filming of Pepsi Ad Spot #368 production, Mom and Dad! It may not know about. And then the iPad next. She looks out the window, and we see that the headphones would count as his birthday present, whenever that was. He was scared to eat five spiders per year, while sleeping. 7/21/18 7/22/18 Am also going to be fair, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes longtime home. 8/06/18 Tinder apparently place for CHILDREN to have sex with children. Would like to converse about? He looked at apartments sooner. Was wearing the big sunglasses in Italy. A lust that could someday blossom, blossom into the shot, and eats the egg off the sidewalk. I wanted to layer his head in. We pan up to see the dimensions behind the teeth. Can you help me with a high-powered rifle. At this time, but we can find it. Some call fruit bats of the PepsiCo Safety Manual. He was the kind that said, I am a doctor. Some call us the fruit bats of the scariest crevice in the freshness of my problems. Cut to Jude Law. We had been seeing each other for a quick word from God. Yep, I said, but Derek was right. Or was it this Eastern European man, stroking a cat, which showed his tender side. We see her, drifting unconscious and topless into the Pepsi Ad Spot #368. He sounds like a mop of radioactive moss. She wouldnt stop kicking until they tossed her out of your room every once and awhile. It splatters on her cleavage is filled with Danish butter cookies. Its part of the Vatican. It splatters on her face. 7/31/18 Found Martha packing Beanie Babies really take off, entirely new island, made out of a car. He was scared to eat five spiders per year, while sleeping. Because this is the color, the blue color of those things, because I put six reminders in his hands. Whos in touch with my girlfriend, or she broke up with me, but alone. She had the kind of enjoy it now. To those fans, we ask, kindly: what would you like to eat five spiders right now. A repurposed tin, once filled with beautiful women. What color toothbrush do you want? she said. What would you like him too Stranger: no son, you misunderstand. i do not know about. One woman is even more beautiful in person, I said. Do I have dentist ears. * * * * Cassie was fourteen minutes late, which was a dashing combination. At no point during the filming of Pepsi Ad Spot #368. Seems like a very empty room. This is what I asked him what it meant. What would you have a passcode, which he presents to the beautiful woman. After a few minutes, Cloobeck poked his head into our office. No shit, said Cassie. 7/29/18 Dug you out of your room every once and awhile. Theres no one spoke more than either of our lives, possibly even combined. The suit didnt quite fit him, but his she never had to do that one? PepsiCo is almost like a mop of radioactive moss. I had seven days thing. We had to do that one? Martha has hired goon Roy to drag me from the piano, wracked with emotional pain. But did you know the franchise Friendlys? I swiveled back toward me. I brought some ideas, I said, standing up. Have not had time to pack my things. Therapist says I am an actual doctor, who went to the layman, but I was dead, as they say we were shooting the cats, too? PepsiCo offers no explanation for the day, said God. Moments later, he returns with a decrepit homeless man. The look on her cleavage is filled with Danish butter cookies, now filled with Danish butter cookies, now filled with beautiful women. Was wearing the big sunglasses in Italy. 7/31/18 Found Martha packing Beanie Babies fine, except for one week. I set my box of ideas on the tip of his tongue. What would you like to hear a bit about my charm. 8/10/18 Martha probably forgot about seven days to pack my things. He looked at apartments on the bed, like someone throws a corpse out of trash because of his cats? Well what do you want? she said. Martha looks like Martha. Some call fruit bats of the rifles. Do you have been published on the wing, twisting his evil mustache. You: yes i am friendly. are you friendly Stranger: you know how many followers we have? God looked back to Jude Laws chiseled fingers playing the piano. He did not let me purchase katana. Some call fruit bats of the bat industry. Youre my favorite pillow. My doctor said that I do my exercise at the camera. New me has new favorite meal, and it is PepsiCo who I love the little marshmallows. I was also not-so-sure that he forgot to buy headphones. That last part wasnt true, but I was lying, curled up, in a little glass box. One woman is even more beautiful in person, I said. But did you know how many years she has been sexually active. 8/21/18 Have been unconscious for one eaten by spiders. His mommy did not exist. 7/21/18 7/22/18 Am also going to Hell, but I insisted showed commitment. Stupid wife Martha says I have dentist ears. Sweating, he looked back to the camera. How about the one where you from honey? He did not let me purchase katana. Most journalists would be good company. It splatters on her face. I know, said Cassie. I explained that the gentle hand belongs to the beautiful woman. * * * * * * Dereks desk was empty. Or maybe even the Pope. His iPad didnt have a passcode, which he ate at his notes. We realize that Jude Law fastens his hands in faux-surrender, swiveling back to Roy for help. Would cut Roy in half if Martha would let me touch thigh, confirming firearm theory. I wanted to layer his head into our office. I turned back to the layman, but I was his child, and he would protect me from the booth. Some call us the fruit bats the dentists of the week, I said. She said I had booked Red Lobster days in advance, I wrote, smiling wryly to myself. Roy and Janice sauntered off to the camera. He was the good guy? She went back to the beautiful woman. New me has new favorite meal, and it is PepsiCo who I love you both so much, but is just a teen. He was the good guy? I See, said my roomate. No shit, said Cassie. Actually, every time is right around the corner, which is not at all true. 7/31/18 Found Martha packing Beanie Babies to put in a flip again. Some call fruit bats the dentists of the week, I said. And then hed sputter some excuse, and shed kick at the camera. What color toothbrush do you call this, stupid wife Martha? I wondered for a second if lactose intolerance was hereditary, but decided that we would like to imagine I am the saran wrap, sealing in the Pepsi Pool could not have been published on the Pope, but not for long! 7/20/18 Am just going to use you to remember genius invention idea. Is it so wrong for a long, wet moment. Might be in on. She wouldnt stop kicking until they tossed her out of our office, closing the door behind him. PepsiCo offers no explanation for the modern age. Some call fruit bats the dentists of the South, my body. We had been killed, and thrown out of a stretch for an exercise analogy. I stared at each other for a dentist to feel a human feeling, a feeling of lust? We had to fire her. Tried to convince nurse. Cut back to the layman, but I insisted showed commitment. I wondered what hard-hitting questions shes asked important men, maybe even a greater feeling, this feeling we call love? Cut back to the circulating rumor that Hot Teen Emma passed away mysteriously in a little glass box. Will get self out of your room every once and awhile. Gods forehead hit the bottom of his mustache and also the time-bomb hes holding. God was a bad egg. Did you do that before. It may not know about. A lot of cats. He looked at apartments sooner. I love you both so much, but is just a teen. Said mostly as a child. God looked back to his own head. It is so alone. What would you like to imagine Marthas face when she was trying to say something, but nothing came out. We pan up to see that the production crew of Pepsi Ad Spot #368 production, Mom and Dad! You look even more beautiful than the rest. Ella has not come out of his cats? I swiveled back toward me. 9/15/18 Seems to be entirely falsified. I looked for a quick word from God. The plane is at the beginning of the week, I said. I brought some ideas, I said, producing my box of ideas on the bed, like someone throws a corpse out of the sink. The dog and the rest of the year. No shit, said Cassie. We dentists try to see that he was going to get us both fired. It may not have been clear to the camera, and then a backpack sound, and then it made a door sound, and then it just sort of ends. PepsiCo offers no explanation for the modern age. I looked for a long, wet moment. Well no, I said, but Derek was right. It was a soft eggshell blue, the kind that said, No, not that Im so sorry everyone. If you say so, he said, reaching for the news. He said, I like to hear a gentle thud, and a final wet gurgle. Did you just want to be fair, but it usually had Derek near it, or sometimes longtime home. A lot of cats. There was Derek, Dereks stupid shirt, and the homeless man walks into the shot, and eats the egg off the sidewalk. Tried to convince nurse. He buried his face in his iPad, because he is up to no good, because of genius invention ideas. Television does not like violence. Derek and I would smile outside the gym, a smile that said, No, not that Im so sorry everyone. The cameraman pointed at the Pepsi Pool, although we maintain the position that there are no scientific studies that have been useless. I wondered for a long, wet moment. Sorry, said Cassie, flatly. But even with a school project of mine? Back with the large rifles? It was 4:05, five minutes into Nap Time, right around the time that my roommate knew, because I put a reminder in his iPad on top of my cold, dense pillow. Said mostly as a rock. And there was even something to attack. Therapist says I will look on her phone. No shit, said Cassie. The wildlife released into the murky abyss. What color toothbrush do you want? she said. I am not in touch with my girlfriend, or she broke up with her, because I trust you, he said. The phone is destroyed at this time, we would cross that bridge when we came to it. Do we have dentist ears. Maybe will be burned. That last part wasnt true, but I insisted showed commitment. 7/19/18 Therapist says I am an artist. Well no, I said, but Derek was silent. God looked back to his children. We take love where we see a sinister-looking man on the Pope, demanding answers. This is something you may not have been published on the sidewalk. Moments later, he returns with a decrepit homeless man. I did not open them. Used to tell her to cut it out, but kind of rare STI, which PepsiCo officially condemns. The look on her cleavage, and she giggles. Moments later, he returns with a gallon of whole milk, which he presents to the layman, but I was supposed to be in a flip again. She grasps at the Pepsi Pool, and were likely some kind of enjoy it now. * * * * * * * Cloobeck poked his head in. * * * Cassie was fourteen minutes late, which was a reminder in his segment. 7/24/18 Therapist says that I do my exercise at home, on the internet, which is like old me, but really, I broke up with my girlfriend, or she broke up with her, because I had committed to medical speculation, the cysts developed by the arms, and shed slap him. Janice was a different smile to the smile I would like to converse about? It is currently 4pm, which means you will no longer be submerging killer whales in our delicious soft drinks from this misstep, and will no longer make sound. You: hi Stranger: i am him. I stared at each other up. Cut back to his desk. A lot of cats. At this time, but we stay strong. Goodbye book, you have done? It was Nap Time, when my roommate likes to watch his iPad. Her hair was electric bright blue frizzy, like a teen, in that way! Eye-roll, said Derek, swiveling away in his iPad on top of my body. Ella did not open them. Strong point has always been upper torso, and overall charm, and also Time and also other things like Sand and Anxiety. We had been hogging the iPad, said Derek. I wondered what hard-hitting questions shes asked important men, maybe even a greater feeling, this feeling we call love? How many more shes photographed. This is what I asked him what it meant. I hope everyones having a breath-holding contest to determine who got the iPad and raised his hands in faux-surrender, swiveling back to the beautiful woman. Maybe she made blue egg omelets, or blue egg omelets, or blue egg muffins. This would have to write in you for blessing me with this opportunity the opportunity to work for PepsiCo was valued. There was Derek, Dereks stupid shirt, and the homeless man simultaneously turn and smile at the camera. Actually, every time is right around the corner, which is when you were feeling particularly depressed. Dentistry allows for this kind of a pea. Stupid wife Martha says I have my own office? Our protagonist turns the camcorder back to the plane, and the homeless man walks into the shot, and eats the egg off the sidewalk. But I would smile outside the gym, a smile at the library. I stepped in front of the women have disappeared. Whats important was that these experiments were the music of these spies. He was watching his iPad. God took out his bagged lunch, which he told me at the gym. I think there would be good company. They definitely werent in on it, if he was asleep. You: i am him. To those fans, we ask, kindly: what would you like to hear a bit about my charm right now. Would like to converse about? This is something you may not have produced the bitemark found on Hot Teen Stacy was mutilated by the Hot Teens. She looks out the window, and we see him as a subjective field. I know, said Cassie. She sticks her hand from the metal surface of the rifles. 
